"ETC: These are the overloaded cars of South Korean workers fleeing North Korea Filed under: Government/Legal , South Korea Around 175 South Korean workers have been forced to pack up their belongings and leave a group of jointly operated factories in North Korea after tensions continued to escalate between the two countries. The workers piled tools and finished products high onto the roofs of regular passenger cars as they evacuated as quickly as possible. North Korea says the ongoing talks with its southern neighbor geared toward keeping the factory complex operational were ""deceptive"" given that the US and South Korean armed forces continue to practice joint drills nearby. South Korea , meanwhile, was concerned that workers could be deprived of food or medicine if the situation continued to sour. The evacuation has placed the future of factories operated jointly by the two countries into question and marks the most significant casualty of the continued degradation of relations between the neighbors. It is unclear when or if the facilities will reopen. These are the overloaded cars of South Korean workers fleeing North Korea originally appeared on Autoblog on Sun, 28 Apr 2013 19:07:00 EST. Please see our terms for use of feeds . Permalink  |  Email this  |  Comments http://feeds.autoblog.com/~r/weblogsinc/autoblog/~3/zWJNFGl193c/ evacuation,kim jong-un,korea,korean flight,north korea,south korea These are the overloaded cars of South Korean workers fleeing North Korea See Coverage From All Enthusiast Topics Latest From - The List The List #0071: Compete in a Demolition Derby Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck Los Angeles (Nov 20-21, 2013) New York (Mar 27-28, 2013) Tokyo Auto Salon (TBD, 2014) See All Auto Show Coverage Also On Autoblog You Might Like: 2014 Chevy Camaro SS gets video walkaround WRX Concept gets walkaround with Subaru design boss Osamu Namba Range Rover Evoque convertible unlikely to see production These are the overloaded cars of South Korean workers fleeing North Korea These are the overloaded cars of South Korean workers fleeing North Korea Zach Bowman RSS feed Google+ Posted Apr 28th 2013 7:07PM Around 175 South Korean workers have been forced to pack up their belongings and leave a group of jointly operated factories in North Korea after tensions continued to escalate between the two countries. The workers piled tools and finished products high onto the roofs of regular passenger cars as they evacuated as quickly as possible. North Korea says the ongoing talks with its southern neighbor geared toward keeping the factory complex operational were ""deceptive"" given that the US and South Korean armed forces continue to practice joint drills nearby. South Korea , meanwhile, was concerned that workers could be deprived of food or medicine if the situation continued to sour. The evacuation has placed the future of factories operated jointly by the two countries into question and marks the most significant casualty of the continued degradation of relations between the neighbors. It is unclear when or if the facilities will reopen. Related Gallery South Korean workers fleeing North Korea Chung Sung-Jun/Getty, Kim Jae-Hwankim/AFP/Getty, Ahn Young-joon/AP evacuation , kim jong-un , korea , korean flight , north korea , south korea ChooseControl: Find Your Dream Car *0 / 3000 Character Maximum ""after tensions continued to escalate between the two countries"" It would be fairer to say ""after North Korea threatened to attack South Korea"". The South Koreans are merely trying to be ready in case of an attack. 1 hour ago Report abuse Permalink Zach, you should come up with originals - rather than recycling posted news from ""The Daily Mail"" every time!!! 1 hour ago Report abuse Permalink Bad day to own a Prius............. 1 hour ago Report abuse Permalink How is that even legal there, covering all the windows on the passenger side. 2 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 1 reply to KAG's comment It's not exactly the Tuesday morning commute. 2 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Pretty sure that's not their belongings but clothes and materials from the factories that were producing them. Getting every last bit of product out. 2 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Iran is working with nuclear materials, North Korea is making missiles, and they both recently signed trade agreements....kinda makes you think. 2 hours ago Report abuse Permalink The fact that tape(!), bits of twine and what appears to be assorted lengths of nylon strapping are handling the tie-down duties pretty much tells you all you need to know about the availability of materials and the quality of life in the DPRK. 2 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Thanks for your good news coverage ! Keep the good work 2 hours ago Report abuse Permalink From this, I wouldn't be surprised to see Hyundai-Kia design a pickup. 3 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 1 reply to JayP's comment Hyundai used to sell a pickup based on the Pony. I think the Aveo in the gallery is much more rigid though 2 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Looks like a scene from The Grapes of Wrath...with Hyundais. 3 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 1 reply to Drachen's comment 3 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 7-year-old boy steals dad's car to avoid church [UPDATE] Ferrari 458 Italia becomes most expensive prize ever on Price Is Right Carfax slapped with $50M antitrust suit by 120 dealers Shelby Cobra driver says 'Hey, y'all, watch this!' Beverly Hills road rage incident ends with BMW driver ramming bicyclist 2014 Toyota 4Runner revealed at Stagecoach Music Festival [UPDATE: w/video] 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray priced from $51,995* New Mercedes Unimog debuts to the cheers of little boys everywhere [w/video] Hennessey unleashes 445-hp Ford Taurus SHO [w/video] Subaru confirms performance concept, XV Crosstrek Hybrid for New York Amazing LaFerrari tribute watch more intricate than the real thing [w/video] Proof the world revolves around the Porsche Cayman Watch this two-story tall bike negotiate LA traffic Hyundai in hot water over suicide-themed commercial Dodge Li'l Red Express drag truck packs 100 PSI, 1,000 horsepower Motor Trend does the Cuban classic car thing 2013 Nissan Pathfinder: April 2013 Boston bombers were tracked using Mercedes mbrace [w/video] 2014 Nissan Pathfinder Hybrid arrives with supercharged engine, 26 mpg combined Anonymously negotiate with dealers near you. Select from over 12,000 dealers to get your Best Deal. 2013 BMW X1 by Chris Paukert Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck by Jeffrey N. Ross 2015 Volkswagen GTI [w/video] by Matt Davis New Cars on AOL Autos VW sustaniability report shows emissions, production progress E. coli used to create diesel-like biofuel in UK study BMW offers guilt-free EV charging with Solarwatt; runs EV hackathon this weekend Visualized: Boeing supersonic airliner concept soars in a wind tunnel, quietly Ethiopian Airlines completes first commercial 787 Dreamliner flight since grounding Japan clears 787s for takeoff pending FAA-approved battery fix Stolen 'Pulp Fiction' Car Found 19 Years Later Police Used Mercedes mbrace Technology To Track Boston Bombing Suspects Aston Martin Vandalized By Taxi Driver Detroit Electric Partners With Geely On EVs For The Chinese Market Formula E Brings Electric Race Series To LA [VIDEO] TRANSLOGIC's Guide To The Shanghai Motor Show 2013 Around 175 South Korean workers have been forced to pack up their belongings and leave a group of jointly operated factories in North Korea after © 2013 AOL Inc. All rights reserved,data/rssfeed/auto\2013_04_28-PM_10_24_11-1.txt"
"Report: Mercedes CLA to get shooting brake variant too? Filed under: Hatchback , Mercedes-Benz , Design/Style , Luxury As stylish as the new Mercedes-Benz CLA-Class already is, it sounds like the automaker is considering a shooting brake version similar to what was recently introduced for the larger CLS-Class . recently talked to Mercedes design boss Gordon Wagener, who indicated that a cargo-friendly version of the swoopy sedan may be in the works. Having driven the CLS63 AMG Shooting Brake last year , we could certainly see a CLA45 AMG Shooting Brake being quite a lustworthy ride, but like its bigger brother, we would be surprised to see the CLA-Class Shooting Brake show up in the US. In the same interview, Wagener also shot down rumors of a coupe or convertible version of the A-Class , upon which the CLA is built. Mercedes CLA to get shooting brake variant too? originally appeared on Autoblog on Sun, 28 Apr 2013 16:57:00 EST. Please see our terms for use of feeds . Permalink  |  Email this  |  Comments http://feeds.autoblog.com/~r/weblogsinc/autoblog/~3/pVKDFEqUcAY/ 2014 mercedes cla-class,mercedes cla-class,mercedes cla-class shooting brake,shooting brake Mercedes CLA to get shooting brake variant too? See Coverage From All Enthusiast Topics Latest From - The List The List #0071: Compete in a Demolition Derby Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck Los Angeles (Nov 20-21, 2013) New York (Mar 27-28, 2013) Tokyo Auto Salon (TBD, 2014) See All Auto Show Coverage Also On Autoblog You Might Like: 2014 Chevy Camaro SS gets video walkaround WRX Concept gets walkaround with Subaru design boss Osamu Namba Range Rover Evoque convertible unlikely to see production Mercedes CLA to get shooting brake variant too? Mercedes CLA to get shooting brake variant too? Jeffrey N. Ross RSS feed Google+ Posted Apr 28th 2013 4:57PM As stylish as the new Mercedes-Benz CLA-Class already is, it sounds like the automaker is considering a shooting brake version similar to what was recently introduced for the larger CLS-Class . recently talked to Mercedes design boss Gordon Wagener, who indicated that a cargo-friendly version of the swoopy sedan may be in the works. Having driven the CLS63 AMG Shooting Brake last year , we could certainly see a CLA45 AMG Shooting Brake being quite a lustworthy ride, but like its bigger brother, we would be surprised to see the CLA-Class Shooting Brake show up in the US. In the same interview, Wagener also shot down rumors of a coupe or convertible version of the A-Class , upon which the CLA is built. Related Gallery 2014 Mercedes-Benz CLA250 Hatchback , Mercedes-Benz , Design/Style , Luxury 2014 mercedes cla-class , mercedes cla-class , mercedes cla-class shooting brake , shooting brake *0 / 3000 Character Maximum I had to laugh at bit when I read, ""coupe version of the A-class"". Duh CLA, entry level small car. Rumors of a ""larger"" Toyota Corolla have been swirling around...oh wait, it already exists and its called a Camry! 32 minutes ago Report abuse Permalink Lordy lord, please send us this wagon variant, this would be AWESOME 33 minutes ago Report abuse Permalink So first we decided that station wagons reminded us too much of old woodies, so we abandon that name as ""uncool"" and call them just wagons. Then even wagons became too ""old"" and so we start calling them ""crossover"" vehicles or ""5-door hatchbacks"" to make them sound younger. Now even that is old hat, so now we have to completely bastardize the name shooting brake, even if it has five doors. Stop perpetuating ignorance Autoblog. 1 hour ago Report abuse Permalink That would be a cool little 5 door 2 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Again, here's wishing I had enough programming skill to develop a special Autoblog app for Mozilla Firefox that automatically detects instances of the phrase ""shooting brake"" in the HTML text and replaces them with ""wagon."" 2 hours ago Report abuse Permalink What the hell is a shooting brake if it can have 4 doors too? This isn't even a wagon, it's a sedan. This blog has murdered the term shooting brake. Seriously, read up. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shooting-brake The term shooting brake ""properly refers to two door wagon style vehicles."" There is no argument, cut the **** and GET IT TOGETHER AUTOBLOG 3 hours ago Report abuse Permalink All I can say is FWD WTF!!!! 3 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 3 hours ago Report abuse Permalink I grow weary of marketing nomenclature, ""Shooting Brake"", ""Cross-Over"", ""Estate Vehicle""; Lets call it what it is a WAGON. Not as pretty a word, doesn't have the cache/swag but original and adequate. 4 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Stop calling wagons shooting brakes. If it has 4 doors, it's a wagon or at best 5 door hatchback. 4 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 7-year-old boy steals dad's car to avoid church [UPDATE] Ferrari 458 Italia becomes most expensive prize ever on Price Is Right Carfax slapped with $50M antitrust suit by 120 dealers Shelby Cobra driver says 'Hey, y'all, watch this!' Beverly Hills road rage incident ends with BMW driver ramming bicyclist 2014 Toyota 4Runner revealed at Stagecoach Music Festival [UPDATE: w/video] 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray priced from $51,995* New Mercedes Unimog debuts to the cheers of little boys everywhere [w/video] Subaru confirms performance concept, XV Crosstrek Hybrid for New York Hennessey unleashes 445-hp Ford Taurus SHO [w/video] Amazing LaFerrari tribute watch more intricate than the real thing [w/video] Proof the world revolves around the Porsche Cayman Watch this two-story tall bike negotiate LA traffic Hyundai in hot water over suicide-themed commercial Dodge Li'l Red Express drag truck packs 100 PSI, 1,000 horsepower 2013 Nissan Pathfinder: April 2013 Motor Trend does the Cuban classic car thing Boston bombers were tracked using Mercedes mbrace [w/video] 2014 Nissan Pathfinder Hybrid arrives with supercharged engine, 26 mpg combined Anonymously negotiate with dealers near you. Select from over 12,000 dealers to get your Best Deal. 2013 BMW X1 by Chris Paukert Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck by Jeffrey N. Ross 2015 Volkswagen GTI [w/video] by Matt Davis New Cars on AOL Autos VW sustaniability report shows emissions, production progress E. coli used to create diesel-like biofuel in UK study BMW offers guilt-free EV charging with Solarwatt; runs EV hackathon this weekend Visualized: Boeing supersonic airliner concept soars in a wind tunnel, quietly Ethiopian Airlines completes first commercial 787 Dreamliner flight since grounding Japan clears 787s for takeoff pending FAA-approved battery fix Stolen 'Pulp Fiction' Car Found 19 Years Later Police Used Mercedes mbrace Technology To Track Boston Bombing Suspects Aston Martin Vandalized By Taxi Driver Detroit Electric Partners With Geely On EVs For The Chinese Market Formula E Brings Electric Race Series To LA [VIDEO] TRANSLOGIC's Guide To The Shanghai Motor Show 2013 As stylish as the new Mercedes-Benz CLA-Class already is, it sounds like the automaker is considering a shooting brake version similar to what was © 2013 AOL Inc. All rights reserved,data/rssfeed/auto\2013_04_28-PM_10_24_11-2.txt"
"Official: Chrysler investing $20M in Toledo plant to support 9-speed auto production Filed under: Plants/Manufacturing , Chrysler , Dodge , Jeep In 2011, Chrysler announced a $72-million investment in its Toledo Machining Plant to modernize production of the eight- and nine-speed torque-converters for automatic transmissions made there. That upgrade work won't be finished until Q3 of this year, but Chrysler has already announced a further $19.6-million investment to increase production capacity for the nine-speeders. The extra units will be necessary because the nine-speed transmission they'll be mated to is going into three popular models: it will debut on the 2014 Jeep Cherokee , then go into the Chrysler 200 and Dodge Dart . The company predicted that this year alone it would sell 200,000 units equipped with the nine-speed tranny, and it is spending some $374 million in addition to the investment in Toledo to upgrade production capacity for it. The work attached to this new investment won't begin until Q3 of 2014, and it will be finished by the end of that year. There's a press release below with all the details. Continue reading Chrysler investing $20M in Toledo plant to support 9-speed auto production Chrysler investing $20M in Toledo plant to support 9-speed auto production originally appeared on Autoblog on Sun, 28 Apr 2013 15:05:00 EST. Please see our terms for use of feeds . Permalink  |  Email this  |  Comments http://feeds.autoblog.com/~r/weblogsinc/autoblog/~3/ZS2uh-7wO3w/ chrysler,chrysler 200,dodge,dodge dart,jeep,jeep cherokee,nine-speed transmission,toledo,toledo machining plant Chrysler investing $20M in Toledo plant to support 9-speed auto production See Coverage From All Enthusiast Topics Latest From - The List The List #0071: Compete in a Demolition Derby Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck Los Angeles (Nov 20-21, 2013) New York (Mar 27-28, 2013) Tokyo Auto Salon (TBD, 2014) See All Auto Show Coverage Also On Autoblog You Might Like: 2014 Chevy Camaro SS gets video walkaround WRX Concept gets walkaround with Subaru design boss Osamu Namba Range Rover Evoque convertible unlikely to see production Chrysler investing $20M in Toledo plant to support 9-speed auto production Chrysler investing $20M in Toledo plant to support 9-speed auto production Posted Apr 28th 2013 3:05PM In 2011, Chrysler announced a $72-million investment in its Toledo Machining Plant to modernize production of the eight- and nine-speed torque-converters for automatic transmissions made there. That upgrade work won't be finished until Q3 of this year, but Chrysler has already announced a further $19.6-million investment to increase production capacity for the nine-speeders. The extra units will be necessary because the nine-speed transmission they'll be mated to is going into three popular models: it will debut on the 2014 Jeep Cherokee , then go into the Chrysler 200 and Dodge Dart . The company predicted that this year alone it would sell 200,000 units equipped with the nine-speed tranny, and it is spending some $374 million in addition to the investment in Toledo to upgrade production capacity for it. The work attached to this new investment won't begin until Q3 of 2014, and it will be finished by the end of that year. There's a press release below with all the details. Related Gallery 2014 Jeep Cherokee Trailhawk: New York 2013 Chrysler Group Plans to Invest Nearly $20 Million in Toledo Machining Plant - Investment to increase capacity for production of torque converters for new generation, fuel-efficient nine-speed transmission - Company's total investment in U.S. facilities over $5.2 billion since June 2009 April 26, 2013 , Auburn Hills, Mich. - Chrysler Group LLC announced today that it will invest $19.6 million in its Toledo Machining Plant in Perrysburg, Ohio, to increase capacity of the torque converter it's machining for the nine-speed transmission. With this announcement, the Company's total investments in its U.S. operations since June 2009 increase to over $5.2 billion. The new torque converters will be paired with the next generation, fuel efficient nine-speed front-wheel drive transmission being assembled at Chrysler Group's Indiana (Kokomo, Ind.) Transmission Plant I. The new transmission will debut in the 2014 Jeep® Cherokee. ""The new nine-speed transmission is a critical part of our strategy to meet fuel economy requirements over the next several years and Toledo Machining will play an integral role in bringing this transmission to market,"" said Scott Garberding, Senior Vice President, Manufacturing, Chrysler Group LLC. ""Securing this additional investment is a testament to the dedication and commitment of the plant's workforce and helps secure its future long-term."" The investment will fund the installation of new equipment and tooling for additional machining and assembly capacity. Installation is expected to begin in the third quarter of 2014 and will be completed by the end of 2014. In August 2011, a $72 million investment in Toledo Machining was announced to modernize the plant to produce the eight- and nine-speed torque converters on two new production lines and a new steering column for the Dodge Dart and Jeep Cherokee. These installations will be complete in the third quarter this year. ""We're very pleased that Chrysler is once again investing in the Toledo Machining Plant and the skilled workforce there,"" said General Holiefield, Vice President and Director, UAW Chrysler Department. ""This will help preserve and enhance jobs in the area and give a greater measure of security to our members and their families well into the future."" In February, the Company announced that it was investing $374 million in several of its Kokomo, Ind., facilities, including establishing a new manufacturing site in Tipton, Ind., to increase production capacity of the nine-speed transmission. Toledo Machining currently produces torque converters for Kokomo Transmission (Ind.), Indiana Transmission I and II (Kokomo, Ind.), Sterling Heights Assembly (Mich.), and Toluca (Mex.). The plant also produces steering columns for the following assembly plants: Warren Truck (Mich.), Belvidere (Ill.), Sterling Heights (Mich.), Toledo Assembly Complex (Ohio); Windsor (Ont.), Toluca (Mex.), Saltillo (Mex.), Arab American Vehicles (Egypt) and Carabobo (Venezuela). Live images copyright 2013 Michael Harley / AOL Plants/Manufacturing , Chrysler , Dodge , Jeep chrysler , chrysler 200 , dodge , dodge dart , jeep , jeep cherokee , nine-speed transmission , toledo , toledo machining plant *0 / 3000 Character Maximum Everyone keeps talking about how the design of this station wagon is ""edgy"", ""unique"" and even ""futuristic"", but all I see is a generic CUV-thing with an ill-proportioned nose that looks like a shark's overbite. Chry-IAT (or Fiysler, if you like) is counting on this overwrought face to fool people into thinking this isn't just another jacked up car, but actually an innovative, industry-changing benchmark...yeah, well, I can see past that mug and into the egg-shaped heart of the matter. 17 minutes ago Report abuse Permalink why dont they spend another 20 mill and fix that front end 43 minutes ago Report abuse Permalink Pontiac called and said it wants it's Aztek back......................On the matter of the article It makes me proud to see manufacturing returning to the Good O'l US of A. 44 minutes ago Report abuse Permalink My best friend says this looks like a retarded offspring of a Monster truck and a station wagon put together. And he knows nothing about cars. 1 hour ago Report abuse Permalink Hmm, I suspect I may be alone with this one but here goes... I actually kind of think this thing looks alright. Not good, not beautiful, not handsome, but attractive in an ugly sort of way. Like a bulldog, you know? It's almost like the designers designed it ugly on purpose, which makes it not-so-ugly. I mean, think about it - the ugliest cars are always the ones that aimed for mediocrity and got it woefully, painfully wrong like the Dodge Caliber, Dodge Avenger, and basically any Hyundai before they straightened up. This though, looks kind of good, like it's ironically ugly, which suits it well as a Jeep. Flame away, fellas. 1 hour ago Report abuse Permalink I like this a whole lot more than when I first saw it. It's well proportioned and the face just sort of ""works"" with it. I think they needed to do something to break up the mid section on the tailgate, it looks unfinished. 2 hours ago Report abuse Permalink It\'s one of those posts where there\'s some guy doing a drive-by down vote on people that like and an up vote on people that hate it. I really think this will look a lot better in person. I like it, I\'ve said it. I however do not dig this color at all. Looking forward to the 9-sp and the new version of the Pentastar. Down vote away. 2 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 1 reply to smilez1105's comment Oh, and god forbid there is actually a CUV that has the bits to do what Crossovers were (somewhat) originally intended for, go on more than a gravel road without vibrating apart. 1 hour ago Report abuse Permalink Someone, please, put a stop to this! This may very well confirm that we are not alone in this universe. 3 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 3 hours ago Report abuse Permalink These 9 speed transmissions are built under license from ZF, the same as the 8 speeds are, because ZF can't build them fast enough, both in Europe and now at a factory in South Carolina. Honda will also soon be buying the ZF 9 speed transmissions to put in at least their Acura line of cars. 3 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 7-year-old boy steals dad's car to avoid church [UPDATE] Ferrari 458 Italia becomes most expensive prize ever on Price Is Right Carfax slapped with $50M antitrust suit by 120 dealers Shelby Cobra driver says 'Hey, y'all, watch this!' Beverly Hills road rage incident ends with BMW driver ramming bicyclist 2014 Toyota 4Runner revealed at Stagecoach Music Festival [UPDATE: w/video] 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray priced from $51,995* New Mercedes Unimog debuts to the cheers of little boys everywhere [w/video] Subaru confirms performance concept, XV Crosstrek Hybrid for New York Hennessey unleashes 445-hp Ford Taurus SHO [w/video] Amazing LaFerrari tribute watch more intricate than the real thing [w/video] Proof the world revolves around the Porsche Cayman Watch this two-story tall bike negotiate LA traffic Hyundai in hot water over suicide-themed commercial Dodge Li'l Red Express drag truck packs 100 PSI, 1,000 horsepower 2013 Nissan Pathfinder: April 2013 Motor Trend does the Cuban classic car thing Boston bombers were tracked using Mercedes mbrace [w/video] 2014 Nissan Pathfinder Hybrid arrives with supercharged engine, 26 mpg combined Anonymously negotiate with dealers near you. Select from over 12,000 dealers to get your Best Deal. 2013 BMW X1 by Chris Paukert Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck by Jeffrey N. Ross 2015 Volkswagen GTI [w/video] by Matt Davis New Cars on AOL Autos VW sustaniability report shows emissions, production progress E. coli used to create diesel-like biofuel in UK study BMW offers guilt-free EV charging with Solarwatt; runs EV hackathon this weekend Visualized: Boeing supersonic airliner concept soars in a wind tunnel, quietly Ethiopian Airlines completes first commercial 787 Dreamliner flight since grounding Japan clears 787s for takeoff pending FAA-approved battery fix Stolen 'Pulp Fiction' Car Found 19 Years Later Police Used Mercedes mbrace Technology To Track Boston Bombing Suspects Aston Martin Vandalized By Taxi Driver Detroit Electric Partners With Geely On EVs For The Chinese Market Formula E Brings Electric Race Series To LA [VIDEO] TRANSLOGIC's Guide To The Shanghai Motor Show 2013 In 2011, Chrysler announced a $72-million investment in its Toledo Machining Plant to modernize production of the eight- and nine-speed torque-converters © 2013 AOL Inc. All rights reserved,data/rssfeed/auto\2013_04_28-PM_10_24_11-3.txt"
"Report: GM alters Akerson's pay mix because he may retire Filed under: Government/Legal , GM , Earnings/Financials General Motors has tweaked CEO Dan Akerson's pay mix to compensate for the possibility that the 64-year-old executive may retire before his long-term restricted stock vests in three years. Last year, Akerson saw his pay jump by 44 percent to $11.1 million, including $1.99 million in restricted stock as salary units, which vest immediately. Previously, Akerson was awarded around $2 million in restricted stock that could be forfeited on retirement. The change has led some analysts to believe Akerson may retire earlier than he had planned. While speaking with , GM spokesperson Tom Henderson said, ""We certainly wouldn't speculate on what he will actually do. That's up to him."" Akerson received $7.7 million in 2011 despite his actual pay target being closer to $9 million. If that seems steep, keep in mind his compensation falls well behind that of Ford CEO Alan Mulally , who brought home $21 million in compensation in 2012. GM is required to report changes to executive pay to the federal government. GM alters Akerson's pay mix because he may retire originally appeared on Autoblog on Sun, 28 Apr 2013 13:02:00 EST. Please see our terms for use of feeds . Permalink  |  Email this  |  Comments http://feeds.autoblog.com/~r/weblogsinc/autoblog/~3/qx-t9fBcybs/ akerson,dan akerson,dan akerson pay mix,general motors,gm GM alters Akerson's pay mix because he may retire See Coverage From All Enthusiast Topics Latest From - The List The List #0071: Compete in a Demolition Derby Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck Los Angeles (Nov 20-21, 2013) New York (Mar 27-28, 2013) Tokyo Auto Salon (TBD, 2014) See All Auto Show Coverage Also On Autoblog You Might Like: 2014 Chevy Camaro SS gets video walkaround WRX Concept gets walkaround with Subaru design boss Osamu Namba Range Rover Evoque convertible unlikely to see production GM alters Akerson's pay mix because he may retire GM alters Akerson's pay mix because he may retire Zach Bowman RSS feed Google+ Posted Apr 28th 2013 1:02PM General Motors has tweaked CEO Dan Akerson's pay mix to compensate for the possibility that the 64-year-old executive may retire before his long-term restricted stock vests in three years. Last year, Akerson saw his pay jump by 44 percent to $11.1 million, including $1.99 million in restricted stock as salary units, which vest immediately. Previously, Akerson was awarded around $2 million in restricted stock that could be forfeited on retirement. The change has led some analysts to believe Akerson may retire earlier than he had planned. While speaking with , GM spokesperson Tom Henderson said, ""We certainly wouldn't speculate on what he will actually do. That's up to him."" Akerson received $7.7 million in 2011 despite his actual pay target being closer to $9 million. If that seems steep, keep in mind his compensation falls well behind that of Ford CEO Alan Mulally , who brought home $21 million in compensation in 2012. GM is required to report changes to executive pay to the federal government. Government/Legal , GM , Earnings/Financials akerson , dan akerson , dan akerson pay mix , general motors , gm ChooseControl: Find Your Dream Car *0 / 3000 Character Maximum Ever time I read a GM post talking about salary for their executives it pisses me off to the core. 11 million for what your company went bankrupt You shouldn't even be taking a salary. If a small business owner went bankrupt and had to start over he/she wouldn't take a salary for years or just enough to live off of. But In this age were Debt is king companies operate in the RED and call it profit. This is like saying I'm debt free because I paid all my bills this month but yet I still have 10,000 in credit card debt. Let the bubble continue to Build again until it burst. 27 minutes ago Report abuse Permalink He should have been run out a while ago. Guy is clueless. 1 hour ago Report abuse Permalink GM could use a new board, too, while they're at it. 1 hour ago Report abuse Permalink Retire? Yes, please, Captain Queeg, retire, and let someone who knows something about the automotive industry, and who won't insult and demean the True Believers who've kept the company afloat these last couple of years. 1 hour ago Report abuse Permalink I'm sure this article was meant to outrage people, but I'm not entirely sure about what. 6 hours ago Report abuse Permalink $100 million to retire today and go away forever. Please. Totally worth every penny. Best investment evar! 6 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 64 years old (beyond out of touch), ZERO automotive experience, and he gets the CEO job at General Motors. W.T.F. The name of the game is GET RID of the babyboomers (worst generation imaginable, will go down in history for most bankruptcies under their management ever) and hire a 30-something replacement, then systematically start ousting the ancient grey haired board members with younger people until the company starts turning itself around. Grey hair? NO CARE! GTFO! 7 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 3 replies to Street King's comment The more interesting question is not whether he's going to retire or not; it is ""what measurable things has he done to improve the overall health of GM that justify, in the minds of board members, the obscene amount of money that he is being paid?"". In the case of the aforementioned Alan Mulally, that question is easy to answer. In the case of Akerson, well... 8 hours ago Report abuse Permalink So I take it Akerson's true age was a surprise to GM just now, and when the made the original deal they thought he would be 38 years old in 2013 and not 64 years old? Really? 9 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Drinking game. 1 shot for every Government Motors line 2 shots if Laser or over9000 shows up to post 3 shots for Occupy-style posts 9 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 2 replies to wooootles's comment 8 hours ago Report abuse Permalink I don't want to get that drunk! 5 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 7-year-old boy steals dad's car to avoid church [UPDATE] Ferrari 458 Italia becomes most expensive prize ever on Price Is Right Carfax slapped with $50M antitrust suit by 120 dealers Shelby Cobra driver says 'Hey, y'all, watch this!' Beverly Hills road rage incident ends with BMW driver ramming bicyclist 2014 Toyota 4Runner revealed at Stagecoach Music Festival [UPDATE: w/video] 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray priced from $51,995* New Mercedes Unimog debuts to the cheers of little boys everywhere [w/video] Hennessey unleashes 445-hp Ford Taurus SHO [w/video] Subaru confirms performance concept, XV Crosstrek Hybrid for New York Amazing LaFerrari tribute watch more intricate than the real thing [w/video] Proof the world revolves around the Porsche Cayman Watch this two-story tall bike negotiate LA traffic Hyundai in hot water over suicide-themed commercial Dodge Li'l Red Express drag truck packs 100 PSI, 1,000 horsepower Motor Trend does the Cuban classic car thing 2013 Nissan Pathfinder: April 2013 Boston bombers were tracked using Mercedes mbrace [w/video] 2014 Nissan Pathfinder Hybrid arrives with supercharged engine, 26 mpg combined Anonymously negotiate with dealers near you. Select from over 12,000 dealers to get your Best Deal. 2013 BMW X1 by Chris Paukert Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck by Jeffrey N. Ross 2015 Volkswagen GTI [w/video] by Matt Davis New Cars on AOL Autos VW sustaniability report shows emissions, production progress E. coli used to create diesel-like biofuel in UK study BMW offers guilt-free EV charging with Solarwatt; runs EV hackathon this weekend Visualized: Boeing supersonic airliner concept soars in a wind tunnel, quietly Ethiopian Airlines completes first commercial 787 Dreamliner flight since grounding Japan clears 787s for takeoff pending FAA-approved battery fix Stolen 'Pulp Fiction' Car Found 19 Years Later Police Used Mercedes mbrace Technology To Track Boston Bombing Suspects Aston Martin Vandalized By Taxi Driver Detroit Electric Partners With Geely On EVs For The Chinese Market Formula E Brings Electric Race Series To LA [VIDEO] TRANSLOGIC's Guide To The Shanghai Motor Show 2013 General Motors has tweaked CEO Dan Akerson's pay mix to compensate for the possibility that the 64-year-old executive may retire before his long-term © 2013 AOL Inc. All rights reserved,data/rssfeed/auto\2013_04_28-PM_10_24_11-4.txt"
"Report: Boston bombers were tracked using Mercedes mbrace [w/video] Filed under: Performance , Government/Legal , Technology , Mercedes-Benz , Luxury We now know Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, the two brothers said to be behind the Boston Marathon bombings, planned to head for New York City to detonate more improvised explosive devices. As it turns out, that plan was foiled by the quick thinking of one Mercedes-Benz owner, diligent police work and the Mercedes-Benz mbrace system. When the brothers carjacked a 26-year-old Chinese entrepreneur identified only as ""Danny,"" they didn't realize his Mercedes-Benz M-Class was equipped with the mbrace system, which can call for help in the event of an accident or track the vehicle in the event of a theft. According to reports, the Tsarnaev brothers held Danny hostage for nearly 90 minutes while they drove around Boston forming a plan until they had to stop for fuel. When one of the brothers went inside to pay, the other put his gun down for a moment. Danny took the opportunity to unlatch his seat belt, open the door and run to another nearby gas station, where he told the owner to call the police. When police arrived, they used the mbrace system to track the SUV after receiving Danny's permission, and it wasn't long before a shootout between police and the brothers ensued. When it was over, the eldest brother lay dead in the street. For more on the story, view the video report available below . Continue reading Boston bombers were tracked using Mercedes mbrace [w/video] Boston bombers were tracked using Mercedes mbrace [w/video] originally appeared on Autoblog on Sun, 28 Apr 2013 11:15:00 EST. Please see our terms for use of feeds . Permalink  |  Email this  |  Comments http://feeds.autoblog.com/~r/weblogsinc/autoblog/~3/nsS6Xp8sEQI/ boston bombings,boston marathon,boston marathon bombings,dzhokhar tsarnaev,mbrace,mercedes-benz,tamerlan tsarnaev,tsarnaev Boston bombers were tracked using Mercedes mbrace [w/video] See Coverage From All Enthusiast Topics Latest From - The List The List #0071: Compete in a Demolition Derby Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck Los Angeles (Nov 20-21, 2013) New York (Mar 27-28, 2013) Tokyo Auto Salon (TBD, 2014) See All Auto Show Coverage Also On Autoblog You Might Like: 2014 Chevy Camaro SS gets video walkaround WRX Concept gets walkaround with Subaru design boss Osamu Namba Range Rover Evoque convertible unlikely to see production Boston bombers were tracked using Mercedes mbrace [w/video] Boston bombers were tracked using Mercedes mbrace [w/video] Zach Bowman RSS feed Google+ Posted Apr 28th 2013 11:15AM We now know Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, the two brothers said to be behind the Boston Marathon bombings, planned to head for New York City to detonate more improvised explosive devices. As it turns out, that plan was foiled by the quick thinking of one Mercedes-Benz owner, diligent police work and the Mercedes-Benz mbrace system. When the brothers carjacked a 26-year-old Chinese entrepreneur identified only as ""Danny,"" they didn't realize his Mercedes-Benz M-Class was equipped with the mbrace system, which can call for help in the event of an accident or track the vehicle in the event of a theft. According to reports, the Tsarnaev brothers held Danny hostage for nearly 90 minutes while they drove around Boston forming a plan until they had to stop for fuel. When one of the brothers went inside to pay, the other put his gun down for a moment. Danny took the opportunity to unlatch his seat belt, open the door and run to another nearby gas station, where he told the owner to call the police. When police arrived, they used the mbrace system to track the SUV after receiving Danny's permission, and it wasn't long before a shootout between police and the brothers ensued. When it was over, the eldest brother lay dead in the street. For more on the story, view the video report available below . Related Gallery 2012 Mercedes ML350 BlueTEC w/ On&Offroad Package: Quick Spin AOL Autos , Boston.com , The New York Times Copyright 2013 Matt Davis / AOL, Mercedes-Benz Performance , Government/Legal , Technology , Mercedes-Benz , Luxury boston bombings , boston marathon , boston marathon bombings , dzhokhar tsarnaev , mbrace , mercedes-benz , tamerlan tsarnaev , tsarnaev *0 / 3000 Character Maximum ""When police arrived, they used the mbrace system to track the SUV after receiving Danny's permission,"" Wait, the police were taking people out of their homes at gunpoint, but waited for Danny's permission? 1 hour ago Report abuse Permalink 1 reply to omar's comment They needed his permission because otherwise MB wouldn't have given them the information. 1 hour ago Report abuse Permalink One situation were a ""Big Brother"" type system actually came of some use. 4 hours ago Report abuse Permalink What ******* morons. How could they not realize that they could be tracked this way? 5 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 1 reply to dtugg's comment It Peeves you so, dtugg??? 4 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 1 reply to hemijohn's comment No, I'm glad they were idiots. 1 hour ago Report abuse Permalink So, why is it important to specify that the car owner was ""Chinese""? If he was white, would they say, ""Caucasian entrepreneur""? Even if they are attempting to state that he is a Chinese national living in the US, why is that relevant to the story? 7 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Brother 1 was dead for sure after brother 2 ran over him getting away. I had heard phone for tracking but early news was so wrong most of the time...esp when saying it was tax day and must be the hard right..ya right..wishful thinking and you now here nothing about the political slant of the two worthless scum... 8 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Autoblog, get a new commenting system, please. Or just get rid of the existing, antiquated one. This is getting ridiculous with the amount of racism, off-topic political views, ad spammers, flamers,, on and on etc. 8 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 1 reply to Al Terego's comment ""Racism""??????? Typical liberal. Will pull the race crd for jsut about anything, but when their own leaders, like obama , show themselves to be TRuE racists, they back off. Also, if you don't want to har other people's opinions, just your's, you can strt your own blog where comments are closed to everyone but you. Typical liberal. No tespect for the Constitution or 1st amendment. 6 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 3 replies to torquesteerhater's comment That's funny. The man took captive said himself on CNN it was an app with tracking capabilities on his iPhone. 11 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 1 reply to Joseph Krison's comment There is a mobile app for Android and IOS devices for mBrace, with a ""Locate my Car"" function that is able to pinpoint location on a google map. It however only works if you are relatively ""near"" where your car is (to prevent any potential over-use as a vehicle tracking service, or thwart privacy concerns). Beyond this close proximity, you have to call mBrace to get the stolen vehcile tracking activated where they will only communicate position details with the police directly. 10 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 1 reply to GCP's comment Similar to BMW and others. 9 hours ago Report abuse Permalink i like the formulation ""said to be behind the Boston bombings"". 11 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Hey, look, the ""religon of peace"" at it again, killing Americans daily. Until we stop all immigration from Muslim countries, events like this will continue to happen daily. Of course, the communists (liberals) like Obama fully support these scumbags. These people, combined with the 47% urban leeches, are the Democratic voting base. The growing threat of Islam is coming from within, and if we don't put a stop to it, soon we will find ourselves under a communist Marxist Islamic Jihadist rule (which is Obama's plan) soon. The Democrats have always been the party which supports extremist Islam. The fact that they ended the Iraq war (hich we began against an extremist Muslim dictator who supported the 9/11 terrorists who planned to use WMDs on America) proves that they support this communist Islamic agenda. They also HATE Israel, and want to wipe it and it's people off the map, andreplace it with ""Palestine"". They have the audacity to support a MOSQUE at ground 0, and now they are whining about the ""Miranda rights"" of this terrorist. Until we vote for a REAL conservative like Bachmann, Santorum, Rubio, or West, America will continue to die and be replaced by a communist Muslim stye. I know that this comment will be deleted by liberal HuffPost/ AB, but tell me liberals, since you hate America, why don't you go live in country which supports your values better? Like, say, Saudi Arabia? 11 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 5 replies to torquesteerhater's comment I thought helicopters tracked him. Oh well. What do I know. 11 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 1 reply to mikemaj82's comment The article was talking about how the brothers were located just prior to the police shootout...;) 13 minutes ago Report abuse Permalink 7-year-old boy steals dad's car to avoid church [UPDATE] Ferrari 458 Italia becomes most expensive prize ever on Price Is Right Carfax slapped with $50M antitrust suit by 120 dealers Shelby Cobra driver says 'Hey, y'all, watch this!' Beverly Hills road rage incident ends with BMW driver ramming bicyclist 2014 Toyota 4Runner revealed at Stagecoach Music Festival [UPDATE: w/video] 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray priced from $51,995* New Mercedes Unimog debuts to the cheers of little boys everywhere [w/video] Hennessey unleashes 445-hp Ford Taurus SHO [w/video] Subaru confirms performance concept, XV Crosstrek Hybrid for New York Amazing LaFerrari tribute watch more intricate than the real thing [w/video] Proof the world revolves around the Porsche Cayman Watch this two-story tall bike negotiate LA traffic Hyundai in hot water over suicide-themed commercial Dodge Li'l Red Express drag truck packs 100 PSI, 1,000 horsepower Motor Trend does the Cuban classic car thing 2013 Nissan Pathfinder: April 2013 Boston bombers were tracked using Mercedes mbrace [w/video] 2014 Nissan Pathfinder Hybrid arrives with supercharged engine, 26 mpg combined Anonymously negotiate with dealers near you. Select from over 12,000 dealers to get your Best Deal. 2013 BMW X1 by Chris Paukert Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck by Jeffrey N. Ross 2015 Volkswagen GTI [w/video] by Matt Davis New Cars on AOL Autos VW sustaniability report shows emissions, production progress E. coli used to create diesel-like biofuel in UK study BMW offers guilt-free EV charging with Solarwatt; runs EV hackathon this weekend Visualized: Boeing supersonic airliner concept soars in a wind tunnel, quietly Ethiopian Airlines completes first commercial 787 Dreamliner flight since grounding Japan clears 787s for takeoff pending FAA-approved battery fix Stolen 'Pulp Fiction' Car Found 19 Years Later Police Used Mercedes mbrace Technology To Track Boston Bombing Suspects Aston Martin Vandalized By Taxi Driver Detroit Electric Partners With Geely On EVs For The Chinese Market Formula E Brings Electric Race Series To LA [VIDEO] TRANSLOGIC's Guide To The Shanghai Motor Show 2013 We now know Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, the two brothers said to be behind the Boston Marathon bombings, planned to head for New York City to © 2013 AOL Inc. All rights reserved,data/rssfeed/auto\2013_04_28-PM_10_24_11-5.txt"
"Video: Mom arrested for helping kids vandalize cars with BB gun Filed under: Government/Legal , Videos There are any number of wholesome ways to bond with your brood. Teaching them the finer points of the drive-by shooting probably shouldn't be one of them. That didn't stop 43-year-old Susan Becker piling her two teenage children into a car along with another teenage friend, arming the lot with pellet and BB guns and encouraging her posse to fire on parked cars. Becker bought the toys for her 13-year-old son and 15-year-old daughter, and a 15-year-old friend tagged along for the ride. All told, the team damaged at least 60 cars in and around Long Island as they fired from Becker's minivan. Police received reports from Islandia, Hauppauge and Commack communities, and some residents reported their windows smashed. Law enforcement used surveillance video to identify Becker's minivan and arrested the woman for multiple crimes, including endangering the welfare of a child and criminal mischief. Watch the local news report below . Continue reading Mom arrested for helping kids vandalize cars with BB gun Mom arrested for helping kids vandalize cars with BB gun originally appeared on Autoblog on Sun, 28 Apr 2013 10:29:00 EST. Please see our terms for use of feeds . Permalink  |  Email this  |  Comments http://feeds.autoblog.com/~r/weblogsinc/autoblog/~3/7qcm2PMeA_I/ bb gun,bb gun drive by,drive by,police,susan becker,teenagers,vandalism,video Mom arrested for helping kids vandalize cars with BB gun See Coverage From All Enthusiast Topics Latest From - The List The List #0071: Compete in a Demolition Derby Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck Los Angeles (Nov 20-21, 2013) New York (Mar 27-28, 2013) Tokyo Auto Salon (TBD, 2014) See All Auto Show Coverage Also On Autoblog You Might Like: 2014 Chevy Camaro SS gets video walkaround WRX Concept gets walkaround with Subaru design boss Osamu Namba Range Rover Evoque convertible unlikely to see production Mom arrested for helping kids vandalize cars with BB gun Mom arrested for helping kids vandalize cars with BB gun Zach Bowman RSS feed Google+ Posted Apr 28th 2013 10:29AM There are any number of wholesome ways to bond with your brood. Teaching them the finer points of the drive-by shooting probably shouldn't be one of them. That didn't stop 43-year-old Susan Becker piling her two teenage children into a car along with another teenage friend, arming the lot with pellet and BB guns and encouraging her posse to fire on parked cars. Becker bought the toys for her 13-year-old son and 15-year-old daughter, and a 15-year-old friend tagged along for the ride. All told, the team damaged at least 60 cars in and around Long Island as they fired from Becker's minivan. Police received reports from Islandia, Hauppauge and Commack communities, and some residents reported their windows smashed. Law enforcement used surveillance video to identify Becker's minivan and arrested the woman for multiple crimes, including endangering the welfare of a child and criminal mischief. Watch the local news report below . bb gun , bb gun drive by , drive by , police , susan becker , teenagers , vandalism , video ChooseControl: Find Your Dream Car *0 / 3000 Character Maximum Cops should have shot her and saved the tax payers money 2 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Guaranteed she shops at Walmart and watches Little Honey Boo Boo. 4 hours ago Report abuse Permalink I think I saw Ms. Becker on Jerry Springer last week. 5 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Garbage. Nothing but garbage. Hope she kills herself and save us all lots of time and trouble. 5 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Lock that whale up for good. It has clearly proven that it can bring no good to society. 6 hours ago Report abuse Permalink ..........?(? ?)?.. .......??(???)?? .?? ?? ??’?’\????\???(???)???/????/’?’? ? ?? ......??(???)?? ....??(???)?? ...??(???)?? ..??(???)?? .??(???)?? ??(???)?? ??(???)?? .??(???)?? ..??(???)?? ...??(???)??(( Don't Tread On Me....Open Carry.)) ...??(???)?? ..??(???)?? .??(???)?? ??(???)?? ??(???)?? .??(???)?? ..??(???)?? ...??(???)?? .... ??(?)?? 6 hours ago Report abuse Permalink ..........?(? ?)?.. .......??(???)?? .?? ?? ??’?’\????\???(???)???/????/’?’? ? ?? ......??(???)?? ....??(???)?? ...??(???)?? ..??(???)?? .??(???)?? ??(???)?? ??(???)?? .??(???)?? ..??(???)?? ...??(???)??(( Don't Tread On Me....BB Gun.)) ...??(???)?? ..??(???)?? .??(???)?? ??(???)?? ??(???)?? .??(???)?? ..??(???)?? ...??(???)?? .... ??(?)??. 6 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Hate to say it but it looks like a common American sentiment of entitlement along with envy gone wrong. Basically the have-nots taking their situation out on the haves to ""even"" things out. You'd be surprised how many people hold something against people that live a ""better"" lifestyle. Otherwise maybe her brother owned the local safelite glass repair? 6 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Ladies and Gentlemen - We present our nominee for 2013 ""Parent Of The Year""! Let's give her a round of applause! 8 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 8 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 7-year-old boy steals dad's car to avoid church [UPDATE] Ferrari 458 Italia becomes most expensive prize ever on Price Is Right Carfax slapped with $50M antitrust suit by 120 dealers Shelby Cobra driver says 'Hey, y'all, watch this!' Beverly Hills road rage incident ends with BMW driver ramming bicyclist 2014 Toyota 4Runner revealed at Stagecoach Music Festival [UPDATE: w/video] 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray priced from $51,995* New Mercedes Unimog debuts to the cheers of little boys everywhere [w/video] Hennessey unleashes 445-hp Ford Taurus SHO [w/video] Subaru confirms performance concept, XV Crosstrek Hybrid for New York Amazing LaFerrari tribute watch more intricate than the real thing [w/video] Proof the world revolves around the Porsche Cayman Watch this two-story tall bike negotiate LA traffic Hyundai in hot water over suicide-themed commercial Dodge Li'l Red Express drag truck packs 100 PSI, 1,000 horsepower Motor Trend does the Cuban classic car thing 2013 Nissan Pathfinder: April 2013 Boston bombers were tracked using Mercedes mbrace [w/video] 2014 Nissan Pathfinder Hybrid arrives with supercharged engine, 26 mpg combined Anonymously negotiate with dealers near you. Select from over 12,000 dealers to get your Best Deal. 2013 BMW X1 by Chris Paukert Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck by Jeffrey N. Ross 2015 Volkswagen GTI [w/video] by Matt Davis New Cars on AOL Autos VW sustaniability report shows emissions, production progress E. coli used to create diesel-like biofuel in UK study BMW offers guilt-free EV charging with Solarwatt; runs EV hackathon this weekend Visualized: Boeing supersonic airliner concept soars in a wind tunnel, quietly Ethiopian Airlines completes first commercial 787 Dreamliner flight since grounding Japan clears 787s for takeoff pending FAA-approved battery fix Stolen 'Pulp Fiction' Car Found 19 Years Later Police Used Mercedes mbrace Technology To Track Boston Bombing Suspects Aston Martin Vandalized By Taxi Driver Detroit Electric Partners With Geely On EVs For The Chinese Market Formula E Brings Electric Race Series To LA [VIDEO] TRANSLOGIC's Guide To The Shanghai Motor Show 2013 There are any number of wholesome ways to bond with your brood. Teaching them the finer points of the drive-by shooting probably shouldn't be one of © 2013 AOL Inc. All rights reserved,data/rssfeed/auto\2013_04_28-PM_10_24_11-6.txt"
"Teased: Renault teases followup concept to Twin'Z Filed under: Concept Cars , Hatchback , Renault When amateur spy shots first surfaced of a little blue hatchback roaring down the streets of Madrid, we thought it might be a Renault 5 revival - the sky blue city car did have a big ""5"" written on its doors, after all. Turns out, though, that it is the TwinFun, followup to the recently unveiled Twin'Z and the final offering in Renault's six-stage concept car cycle. Last year, Renault introduced the Alpine A110-50 concept at the Monaco Formula One Grand Prix; for 2013 it will be the TwinFun taking the spotlight. A three-sentence press release below tells us that it fulfills the 'play' brief in the ""life-cycle design strategy."" We just want to find out what kind of engine it's got that makes all that glorious noise. Continue reading Renault teases followup concept to Twin'Z Renault teases followup concept to Twin'Z originally appeared on Autoblog on Sun, 28 Apr 2013 09:00:00 EST. Please see our terms for use of feeds . Permalink  |  Email this  |  Comments http://feeds.autoblog.com/~r/weblogsinc/autoblog/~3/jXO7d2Jex_g/ monaco grand prix,renault,renault 5,renault twinfun,renault twinfun concept,teaser Renault teases followup concept to Twin'Z See Coverage From All Enthusiast Topics Latest From - The List The List #0071: Compete in a Demolition Derby Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck Los Angeles (Nov 20-21, 2013) New York (Mar 27-28, 2013) Tokyo Auto Salon (TBD, 2014) See All Auto Show Coverage Also On Autoblog You Might Like: 2014 Chevy Camaro SS gets video walkaround WRX Concept gets walkaround with Subaru design boss Osamu Namba Range Rover Evoque convertible unlikely to see production Renault teases followup concept to Twin'Z Renault teases followup concept to Twin'Z Posted Apr 28th 2013 9:00AM When amateur spy shots first surfaced of a little blue hatchback roaring down the streets of Madrid, we thought it might be a Renault 5 revival – the sky blue city car did have a big ""5"" written on its doors, after all. Turns out, though, that it is the TwinFun, followup to the recently unveiled Twin'Z and the final offering in Renault's six-stage concept car cycle. Last year, Renault introduced the Alpine A110-50 concept at the Monaco Formula One Grand Prix; for 2013 it will be the TwinFun taking the spotlight. A three-sentence press release below tells us that it fulfills the 'play' brief in the ""life-cycle design strategy."" We just want to find out what kind of engine it's got that makes all that glorious noise. RENAULT IS TO UNVEIL A NEW CONCEPT CAR IN MONACO ON MAY 24 April 26, 2013 -- Like Twin'Z, which was unveiled in Milan, Italy, on April 8, the latest concept car to be designed under the leadership of Laurens van den Acker comes under the 'Play' heading of Renault Design's 'life-cycle' design strategy. The new car's revelation at the 2013 Monaco F1 Grand Prix will be followed by a series of other dynamic demonstrations at events such as July's Festival of Speed at Goodwood, England. This concept car was designed and developed entirely by Renault Design as an expression of the brand's passion and an illustration of how different takes on the same small city car are possible. Related Gallery Renault TwinFun concept Concept Cars , Hatchback , Renault monaco grand prix , renault , renault 5 , renault twinfun , renault twinfun concept , teaser ChooseControl: Find Your Dream Car *0 / 3000 Character Maximum Twin Z, for a second there I was like Renault Nissan Z clone. Lol 6 hours ago Report abuse Permalink so clearly this will be the racing version of the ""new R5"" where we saw that video from spain recently. 11 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Maybe it will come to the US as a nissan... 12 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 7-year-old boy steals dad's car to avoid church [UPDATE] Ferrari 458 Italia becomes most expensive prize ever on Price Is Right Carfax slapped with $50M antitrust suit by 120 dealers Shelby Cobra driver says 'Hey, y'all, watch this!' Beverly Hills road rage incident ends with BMW driver ramming bicyclist 2014 Toyota 4Runner revealed at Stagecoach Music Festival [UPDATE: w/video] 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray priced from $51,995* New Mercedes Unimog debuts to the cheers of little boys everywhere [w/video] Hennessey unleashes 445-hp Ford Taurus SHO [w/video] Subaru confirms performance concept, XV Crosstrek Hybrid for New York Amazing LaFerrari tribute watch more intricate than the real thing [w/video] Proof the world revolves around the Porsche Cayman Watch this two-story tall bike negotiate LA traffic Hyundai in hot water over suicide-themed commercial Dodge Li'l Red Express drag truck packs 100 PSI, 1,000 horsepower Motor Trend does the Cuban classic car thing 2013 Nissan Pathfinder: April 2013 Boston bombers were tracked using Mercedes mbrace [w/video] 2014 Nissan Pathfinder Hybrid arrives with supercharged engine, 26 mpg combined Anonymously negotiate with dealers near you. Select from over 12,000 dealers to get your Best Deal. 2013 BMW X1 by Chris Paukert Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck by Jeffrey N. Ross 2015 Volkswagen GTI [w/video] by Matt Davis New Cars on AOL Autos VW sustaniability report shows emissions, production progress E. coli used to create diesel-like biofuel in UK study BMW offers guilt-free EV charging with Solarwatt; runs EV hackathon this weekend Visualized: Boeing supersonic airliner concept soars in a wind tunnel, quietly Ethiopian Airlines completes first commercial 787 Dreamliner flight since grounding Japan clears 787s for takeoff pending FAA-approved battery fix Stolen 'Pulp Fiction' Car Found 19 Years Later Police Used Mercedes mbrace Technology To Track Boston Bombing Suspects Aston Martin Vandalized By Taxi Driver Detroit Electric Partners With Geely On EVs For The Chinese Market Formula E Brings Electric Race Series To LA [VIDEO] TRANSLOGIC's Guide To The Shanghai Motor Show 2013 When amateur spy shots first surfaced of a little blue hatchback roaring down the streets of Madrid, we thought it might be a Renault 5 revival – © 2013 AOL Inc. All rights reserved,data/rssfeed/auto\2013_04_28-PM_10_24_12-7.txt"
"Video: Proof the world revolves around the Porsche Cayman Filed under: Coupe , Performance , Marketing/Advertising , Videos , Porsche , Luxury Or at least the world revolves the Porsche Cayman , in the latest video showing off Stuttgart's mid-engine coupe. Porsche put an Easter egg in the world that spins triple-time, a ""famous relative"" of the Cayman hidden somewhere on the marble planet, and gave a Porsche Martini bag to one of the first 50 people who could point it out. With more than 300 views there's no chance you'll win the bag, but you can still go on the treasure hunt in the video below . Continue reading Proof the world revolves around the Porsche Cayman Proof the world revolves around the Porsche Cayman originally appeared on Autoblog on Sat, 27 Apr 2013 19:02:00 EST. Please see our terms for use of feeds . Permalink  |  Email this  |  Comments Proof the world revolves around the Porsche Cayman See Coverage From All Enthusiast Topics Latest From - The List The List #0071: Compete in a Demolition Derby Rolls-Royce Ghost getting a nip and tuck Los Angeles (Nov 20-21, 2013) New York (Mar 27-28, 2013) Tokyo Auto Salon (TBD, 2014) See All Auto Show Coverage Also On Autoblog You Might Like: 2014 Chevy Camaro SS gets video walkaround WRX Concept gets walkaround with Subaru design boss Osamu Namba Range Rover Evoque convertible unlikely to see production Proof the world revolves around the Porsche Cayman Proof the world revolves around the Porsche Cayman Posted Apr 27th 2013 7:02PM Or at least the world revolves the Porsche Cayman , in the latest video showing off Stuttgart's mid-engine coupe. Porsche put an Easter egg in the world that spins triple-time, a ""famous relative"" of the Cayman hidden somewhere on the marble planet, and gave a Porsche Martini bag to one of the first 50 people who could point it out. With more than 300 views there's no chance you'll win the bag, but you can still go on the treasure hunt in the video below . Related Gallery 2014 Porsche Cayman Coupe , Performance , Marketing/Advertising , Videos , Porsche , Luxury martini , porsche , porsche cayman , video , youtube *0 / 3000 Character Maximum I like the Cayman line, although it would be nice if Porsche built another powerful entry level car under the Boxster. Bring back the 968 3 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Ferdinand's best design, balance wise. Mechanical access worst. so i read. 7 hours ago Report abuse Permalink Does anyone know how they managed to keep the fisheye cam directly above the car to film this? 8 hours ago Report abuse Permalink I like the idea of that turbo Cayman I read about! 350 or so Hp and even less weight than the current car sounds amazing! 8 hours ago Report abuse Permalink put some horsepower in it and somebody might buy one? 22 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 2 replies to tattersall.jason@'s comment Have you ever driven one? Ever heard of power to weight ratios? 19 hours ago Report abuse Permalink 1 reply to theblackporsche's comment Really getting easy to spot the drivers of those \'94 Cavaliers isn\'t it? They complain that a Cayman doesn\'t accelerate like a Veyron - so it must be junk. He doesn\'t even have the money to buy a cold air kit for his Chevy. 11 hours ago Report abuse Permalink says the guy who supposedly isn't drivin faster as 85 mph anyway 16 hours ago Repor