Haass proposal document published The final draft of the proposal document given to Northern Ireland's political parties by Richard Haass has been published. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-25560886#sa-ns_mchannel=rss&ns_source=PublicRSS20-sa BBC News - Richard Haass talks: Final proposal document published showAdAboveBlq: true showAdAboveBlq: true blqLeaderboardAd: true --> 31 December 2013 Last updated at 14:29 ET Richard Haass talks: Final proposal document published Media requires JavaScript to play. Dr Richard Haass says "significant progress" has been made Continue reading the main story Northern Ireland's past, flags and parading NI Haass talks end without agreement Haass: 'Trying to build the peace' Watch NI Haass talks: Political reaction The final draft of proposals given to Northern Ireland's political parties by Richard Haass has been published on the Northern Ireland Executive website. It came after months of talks on the issues of parades, flags and the legacy of the Troubles ended without a deal. Earlier, the UK and Irish governments called for the proposals to be made public. The seventh draft of the document was prepared by former US diplomat Richard Haass and Professor Meghan O'Sullivan. Northern Ireland's five main parties met through the night in a final effort to settle differences but were unable to reach an agreement on the document. Dr Haass, who chaired the talks, said that while a final agreement had not been reached, "significant progress" had been made and there was a "basis" for change. New Year's Eve had been set as a deadline for agreement. 'Common ground' Prime Minister David Cameron said that politicians in Northern Ireland must continue their efforts to secure agreement on divisive issues. Mr Cameron said the talks had "achieved much common ground" nevertheless. Taoiseach Enda Kenny said the Irish government would work with Downing Street and Stormont to support further efforts to achieve greater peace. Meghan O'Sullivan and Richard Haass chaired a series of round-table talks The proposed deal won broad support from Sinn Féin, the largest nationalist party, but others including the unionist DUP said unresolved issues over parades and flags meant more work was needed before consensus could be reached. Dr Haass said: "We very much hope that the parties reflect on this, discuss it with their leadership and then come back with a strong endorsement. Over the next week we will know a lot more." He said progress had been made in all three of the negotiating areas, especially the past, while flags and symbols had proven to be the "toughest area of negotiations". Continue reading the main story Analysis Mark Devenport Political editor, Northern Ireland Although he is flying home without a deal, Richard Haass believes his efforts haven't all been in vain. The former US diplomat reckons he has made significant progress, especially on potential new institutions to deal with Northern Ireland's troubled past. Dr Haass hopes the Stormont parties can move these matters forward in the months ahead. That said, the Stormont politicians don't have a great track record in resolving tough issues without outside assistance. So there's good reason for scepticism about their ability to deliver progress now Dr Haass and his talks co-chair Professor Meghan O'Sullivan have declared their involvement in these negotiations over. Dr Haass, who was brought to Northern Ireland with co-chair Prof Meghan O'Sullivan in July by the first and deputy first ministers, said all five parties had "given it their best" and were "prepared to continue" with the process. The US government also expressed their disappointment that the parties did not reach an agreement, Caitlin Hayden, a spokesperson for the US National Security Council said: "We commend the work of the independent chair and his team. "Through months of consultations with civil society and the political parties -- undertaken at the request of the Northern Ireland Executive - Richard Haass and his team have done a remarkable job," she said. "We believe that the draft text produced through the All-Party process represents real progress and makes a valuable contribution. We urge Northern Ireland's political leaders to continue to work together to build on this progress, including implementing the proposals where consensus already exists and as it emerges in all three areas." The final push for a deal began at 10:00 GMT on Sunday and carried on until 05:00 GMT, and was on a seventh set of draft proposals put forward during the talks. The three key issues have been: The past - more than 3,500 people died in the Troubles, and in almost 3,300 cases no-one was prosecuted. Reaching agreement on how to investigate these killings and what to do about other people affected by the Troubles has so far proved impossible Flags - this issue was highlighted last year when Belfast City Council's decision to fly the union flag from city hall and other council buildings only on 18 designated days sparked street protests Parades - though many are not contentious, some unionist parades that pass through or close to nationalist areas have been controversial. A small number of nationalist parades have also proved contentious in the past After the talks, Sinn Féin's Gerry Adams said there would be "a lot of disappointment" that agreement had not been reached, but he believed the proposals contained the "basis for a deal". The DUP's Jeffrey Donaldson said that while the "broad architecture" of the agreement was acceptable, "some of the language and detail is not what we would have chosen". SDLP leader Alasdair McDonnell said "much has been achieved in terms of the past", and despite some concerns, he believed his party would endorse the proposals. Mike Nesbitt, leader of the UUP, said he would not disclose his opinion on the proposals until after his party had "an honest debate" about its contents. Alliance Party deputy leader Naomi Long said the talks had moved negotiations forward but there were still major challenges over the issues of parades and flags. Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers expressed disappointment but said it was important that this was not "the end of the road". And Labour's Ivan Lewis, the shadow Northern Ireland secretary, said: "The failure to reach a final agreement is deeply disappointing. However, significant common ground has been identified which should be the basis for future progress." What is your reaction to this news? Send your comments using the form below. If you are happy to be contacted by a BBC journalist please leave a telephone number that we can contact you on. In some cases a selection of your comments will be published, displaying your name as you provide it and location, unless you state otherwise. Your contact details will never be published. When sending us pictures, video or eyewitness accounts at no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws. Please ensure you have read the terms and conditions. Northern Ireland's past, flags and parading NI Haass talks end without agreement Haass: 'Trying to build the peace' Watch NI Haass talks: Political reaction Flags process proposed in NI talks Designated days 'default for flags' 39% 'want to keep Commission' Haass talks 'need to resolve past' Victims' call to deal with past Troubles victims 'failed' by system Haass raises idea for new NI flag No flag and not a protester in sight Flags on bonfires 'major problem' Are rules about flags needed? 'Belfast is open for business' The Panel of Parties in the NI Executive The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites More Northern Ireland stories RSS Twelve in court on manslaughter charge Twelve men have appeared in court charged with manslaughter of Kevin McDaid in Coleraine in 2009. Men hurt in sledgehammer attack New Years list NI: 80 honoured S Sudan rivals to open peace talks Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 Reporters face 15 days in Egypt jail Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' Can literary intrigue survive in a digital age? Kings of speed How illegal whiskey sparked US love affair with fast cars Figure it out The numbers that shaped the year No laughing matter Why a boycotted comic retains wide appeal in France 1: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 2: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 4: Island at the end of the earth 5: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 1: Romney's black grandson mocked on TV 2: Hackers hit League of Legends game 3: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 5: Dieudonne and his bizarre journey 6: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 7: Beyonce defends Challenger audio use 8: Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' 9: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 10: Yutu rover pictured from orbit 1: Explosions as US oil train derails Watch 2: Doctors happy Schumacher 'stable' Watch 3: Fireworks mark new year around world Watch 4: Antarctic scientists keep spirits up Watch 5: US gripped by freezing temperatures Watch 6: Death of literary mystery in digital age Watch 7: 'Good fun' on stranded Russian ship Watch 8: One-minute World News Watch 9: S Sudan rebel youths 'in war march' Watch 10: Doubts over new Taiwan military force Watch People of the year From astronauts to pioneers, BBC Future salutes the year’s leading scientific figures The cat's ears that respond to your thoughts - one of the unusual gadgets of 2013 You're using the Internet Explorer 6 browser to view the BBC website. Our site will work much better if you change to a more modern browser. It's free, quick and easy. Find out more about upgrading your browser here… BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. Romania dismisses UK 'invasion' talk The Romanian foreign ministry has ridiculed talk of an "invasion" of the UK when work restrictions are lifted on Wednesday. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-25560462#sa-ns_mchannel=rss&ns_source=PublicRSS20-sa BBC News - Romania dismisses UK 'invasion' fears showAdAboveBlq: true showAdAboveBlq: true blqLeaderboardAd: true --> 31 December 2013 Last updated at 13:28 ET Romania dismisses UK 'invasion' fears Bulgaria has been a member of the EU since 2007 Continue reading the main story UK 'cannot extend' migrant curbs Migrants to face NHS care charges Bulgaria warns UK over curbs The Romanian foreign ministry has dismissed talk in the British media of an "invasion" when work restrictions are lifted on Wednesday. "The UK for now is not even the preferred destination for Romanians," said spokeswoman Brandusa Predescu. Some British newspapers have predicted migrants will make the journey to claim benefits and even steal scrap metal. Ministers have refused to predict how many migrants from Romania and Bulgaria might arrive. Both countries joined the EU in 2007 but since then, their citizens have been able to work in the UK only under certain conditions, which come to an end on Wednesday. Continue reading the main story “ Start Quote Not all Romanians, young and old, are going to get on a plane.” End Quote Brandusa Predescu Romanian foreign ministry On Tuesday, the Sun newspaper claimed the first coachload of migrants had boarded a bus bound for the UK, with some of them intent on begging for a living or living off the state. Ms Predescu told the BBC some of the media coverage had bordered on racist and there had been an "outright campaign" against Romanians and Bulgarians. "There isn't going to be an invasion of Romanians as of two days' time. Not all Romanians, young and old, are going to get on a plane. "We don't have estimates, you don't have estimates. The UK will [not be] and is not the preferred destination of Romanians." The Labour government vastly underestimated the number of people who would come to the UK after eight nations joined the European Union in 2004. It used a prediction of 13,000 arrivals - a figure which was exceeded many times over with a peak net migration figure, from the EU and elsewhere, of 252,000 in 2010. 'Aggressive begging' This time, with eight other EU countries - including France, Germany and Spain - lifting restrictions at the same time, ministers say forecasting numbers is difficult. Campaigners for tighter laws have said 50,000 Romanians and Bulgarians a year for the first five years could come to the UK. The Bulgarian ambassador has previously estimated that about 8,000 migrants a year from Bulgaria could come to the UK. Professor John Salt of the migration research unit at University College London said that data from Bulgaria shows that for the first three months of 2014, the number of advance airline bookings is down on the same period last year. But he conceded there was a risk that services in the South East could be put under pressure if large numbers arrive. The leader of Westminster Council, Philippa Roe, echoed this concern and said Roma people had caused disruption in central London by aggressively begging and pickpocketing. The government is tightening the rules from 1 January to ensure that migrants cannot claim out-of-work benefits for three months after arriving and will only qualify for support after six months if they had a genuine chance of employment. Overseas visitors and migrants are also to face new charges for some NHS services in England. UK 'cannot extend' migrant curbs The UK has done all it can "within the law" to delay the lifting of work restrictions on Bulgarian and Romanian migrants, a senior Conservative says. Migrants to face NHS care charges Bulgaria warns UK over curbs Jan 1st changes: Q&A At the end of 2013, temporary work restrictions on Romanians and Bulgarians who come to the UK are being lifted. Why are the restrictions expiring and what is the government planning to do? The freedom of movement issue How UK migrant benefits compare Voices and Views from UK and Eastern Europe 'The qualified and willing have already left' Bulgarians and Romanians tell the BBC what they think of freedom to work anywhere in the EU, days before barriers are lifted. 'Two ways out of Bulgaria's crisis: Terminal 1 and 2' 'Tension is building - children are told to go home' Watch A 'tipping point town' asks big questions Watch 'Of course I'm going back to Britain' 'Our only hope is we are members of the EU' Haass proposal document published The final draft of the proposal document given to Northern Ireland's political parties by Richard Haass has been published. New Year's Day flood warnings for UK Comedian John Fortune dies aged 74 S Sudan rivals to open peace talks Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 Reporters face 15 days in Egypt jail Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' Can literary intrigue survive in a digital age? Kings of speed How illegal whiskey sparked US love affair with fast cars Figure it out The numbers that shaped the year No laughing matter Why a boycotted comic retains wide appeal in France 1: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 2: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 4: Island at the end of the earth 5: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 1: Romney's black grandson mocked on TV 2: Hackers hit League of Legends game 3: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 5: Dieudonne and his bizarre journey 6: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 7: Beyonce defends Challenger audio use 8: Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' 9: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 10: Yutu rover pictured from orbit 1: Explosions as US oil train derails Watch 2: Doctors happy Schumacher 'stable' Watch 3: Fireworks mark new year around world Watch 4: Antarctic scientists keep spirits up Watch 5: US gripped by freezing temperatures Watch 6: Death of literary mystery in digital age Watch 7: 'Good fun' on stranded Russian ship Watch 8: One-minute World News Watch 9: S Sudan rebel youths 'in war march' Watch 10: Doubts over new Taiwan military force Watch People of the year From astronauts to pioneers, BBC Future salutes the year’s leading scientific figures The cat's ears that respond to your thoughts - one of the unusual gadgets of 2013 You're using the Internet Explorer 6 browser to view the BBC website. Our site will work much better if you change to a more modern browser. It's free, quick and easy. Find out more about upgrading your browser here… BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. UKIP hails rising membership numbers The UK Independence Party says its membership has risen above 30,000 for the first time, after a record year of growth. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-25562198#sa-ns_mchannel=rss&ns_source=PublicRSS20-sa BBC News - UKIP says it has signed up 13,000 new members in 2013 showAdAboveBlq: true showAdAboveBlq: true blqLeaderboardAd: true --> 31 December 2013 Last updated at 11:20 ET UKIP says it has signed up 13,000 new members in 2013 UKIP leader Nigel Farage says the party is gaining in strength Continue reading the main story Related Stories Tory membership halved under Cameron The UK Independence Party says a record year of growth has taken its membership above 30,000 for the first time. The party, which campaigns for the UK to leave the European Union, said numbers had increased by more than 13,000 to about 32,500 in 2013. Its leader Nigel Farage said UKIP was appealing to people who had never joined a party before, many of whom had "given up on politics altogether". In contrast, the Conservatives have seen their membership levels fall. While Labour has increased its membership in the past three years, totals are still well below where they were in 2001 - while Lib Dem membership fell sharply between 2010 and 2012. 'Challenging establishment' UKIP said 2013 had been its best ever year in terms of new members, with the party recruiting an extra 2,500 in May alone when it won nearly 150 council seats in England in local authority elections. The party, which has no MPs but came second in the Eastleigh by-election earlier this year, has said it is hoping to win more votes than any other party in next year's European elections. Mr Farage said UKIP had succeeded in "re-engaging many people who had given up on politics altogether". "Many of our members are those who have never been a member of any political party before but who see that it is UKIP who is challenging the establishment on issues such as open door immigration, grammar schools and green taxes," he said. Continue reading the main story Party membership of the three largest Westminster parties Conservative 2.9 million - Labour 876,000 Conservative 1.2 million - Labour 277,000 Conservative 311,000 - Labour 272,000 - Lib Dem 73,000 Conservative 134,000 - Labour 187,000 - Lib Dems - 42,000 Party membership has historically been regarded as an important barometer of the health of democracy, while a strong activist base is important to help candidates campaign in elections. Although memberships fluctuate in line with parties' political fortunes, recent decades have seen a general decline in people willing to join parties, with more people preferring to get involved with individual issues and campaigns. Earlier this year, it emerged that the Conservatives' constituency membership had nearly halved since David Cameron became leader in 2005. Numbers have fallen to 134,000 from the 253,600 who voted in the leadership election. In 2001 the party had 300,000 members. In 2012, Labour had 187,537 members while the Lib Dems had 42,501. Tory membership halved under Cameron 18 SEPTEMBER 2013 , UK POLITICS 18 AUGUST 2011 , UK POLITICS More UK Politics stories RSS Haass proposal document published The final draft of the proposal document given to Northern Ireland's political parties by Richard Haass has been published. Romania dismisses UK 'invasion' talk Run collapse MP 'seriously ill' Comedian John Fortune dies aged 74 Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 S Sudan rivals to open peace talks Final farewell Notable UK deaths from the past 12 months Famous faces Ten of the big names on New Year's Honours list 'Morale is high' BBC reports from on board stricken Antarctic ship Weird wildlife quiz 2013 How much attention did you pay to nature in 2013? BBC Nature 1: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 2: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 4: Island at the end of the earth 5: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 1: Romney's black grandson mocked on TV 2: Hackers hit League of Legends game 3: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 5: Dieudonne and his bizarre journey 6: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 7: Beyonce defends Challenger audio use 8: Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' 9: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 10: Yutu rover pictured from orbit 1: Explosions as US oil train derails Watch 2: Doctors happy Schumacher 'stable' Watch 3: Fireworks mark new year around world Watch 4: Antarctic scientists keep spirits up Watch 5: US gripped by freezing temperatures Watch 6: Death of literary mystery in digital age Watch 7: 'Good fun' on stranded Russian ship Watch 8: One-minute World News Watch 9: S Sudan rebel youths 'in war march' Watch 10: Doubts over new Taiwan military force Watch People of the year From astronauts to pioneers, BBC Future salutes the year’s leading scientific figures The cat's ears that respond to your thoughts - one of the unusual gadgets of 2013 You're using the Internet Explorer 6 browser to view the BBC website. Our site will work much better if you change to a more modern browser. It's free, quick and easy. Find out more about upgrading your browser here… BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. Run collapse MP 'seriously ill' Labour MP Paul Goggins is "seriously ill" in hospital after collapsing while out running in Greater Manchester. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-manchester-25563342#sa-ns_mchannel=rss&ns_source=PublicRSS20-sa BBC News - MP Paul Goggins 'seriously ill' after running collapse showAdAboveBlq: true showAdAboveBlq: true blqLeaderboardAd: true --> 31 December 2013 Last updated at 12:55 ET MP Paul Goggins 'seriously ill' after running collapse A statement on behalf of the family said he was "receiving the best care" A Greater Manchester MP is "seriously ill" in hospital after collapsing while out running. Paul Goggins, Labour MP for Wythenshawe and Sale East, was out with his son near his home when he was taken ill. The 60-year-old was taken by ambulance to Salford Royal Hospital, where he is currently being treated. A statement on behalf of his family said Mr Goggins was "receiving the best care" and asked for prayers and privacy. His wife, Wyn, and their three grown-up children are said to be at his bedside at Salford Royal. 'Fit and a fighter' Labour leader Ed Miliband called the MP "one of the most decent, kind and assiduous Members of Parliament". He said: "The news he is seriously ill is a huge shock for people across the Labour Party and for his friends throughout Parliament. "All of my good wishes and the thoughts of our whole party are with him and his family." Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham MP tweeted : "Thoughts & prayers with my good friend Paul Goggins & his family. A man of total decency, universally loved & respected. Get well soon." Graham Stringer, Labour MP for Blackley and Broughton, described Mr Goggins as "strong, fit and a fighter". He said: "I hope with the skill of the surgeons at [Salford Royal], which is one of the best hospitals in the country, and his own fighting spirit he will pull through." Mr Goggins, who was first elected MP for Wythenshawe and Sale East in 1997, served as Minister for Prisons and Probation for two years. He was also Northern Ireland Office Minister from 2007 to 2010. MANCHESTEREd Miliband Speaks Out On Paul Goggins Collapse MP Paul Goggins suffers stroke Former Northern Ireland minister Paul Goggins suffers stroke MP Paul Goggins seriously ill after collapsing while out running The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Pair charged with £1m NHS fraud A man and woman are remanded in custody in Manchester accused of defrauding the National Health Service of £1m. Latest road incidents, public transport information and live traffic jam cameras near you Things To Do RUN BY THE BBC AND PARTNERS WED 1 JAN New Year's Day Walk S Sudan rivals to open peace talks Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 Reporters face 15 days in Egypt jail Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' Can literary intrigue survive in a digital age? Kings of speed How illegal whiskey sparked US love affair with fast cars Figure it out The numbers that shaped the year No laughing matter Why a boycotted comic retains wide appeal in France 1: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 2: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 4: Island at the end of the earth 5: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 1: Romney's black grandson mocked on TV 2: Hackers hit League of Legends game 3: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 5: Dieudonne and his bizarre journey 6: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 7: Beyonce defends Challenger audio use 8: Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' 9: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 10: Yutu rover pictured from orbit 1: Explosions as US oil train derails Watch 2: Doctors happy Schumacher 'stable' Watch 3: Fireworks mark new year around world Watch 4: Antarctic scientists keep spirits up Watch 5: US gripped by freezing temperatures Watch 6: Death of literary mystery in digital age Watch 7: 'Good fun' on stranded Russian ship Watch 8: One-minute World News Watch 9: S Sudan rebel youths 'in war march' Watch 10: Doubts over new Taiwan military force Watch People of the year From astronauts to pioneers, BBC Future salutes the year’s leading scientific figures The cat's ears that respond to your thoughts - one of the unusual gadgets of 2013 You're using the Internet Explorer 6 browser to view the BBC website. Our site will work much better if you change to a more modern browser. It's free, quick and easy. Find out more about upgrading your browser here… BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. Libel law changes coming into force Claimants will have to show they suffered "serious harm" before suing under reformed libel laws for England and Wales, in force from Wednesday. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-25551640#sa-ns_mchannel=rss&ns_source=PublicRSS20-sa BBC News - Defamation Act 2013 aims to improve libel laws showAdAboveBlq: true showAdAboveBlq: true blqLeaderboardAd: true --> 31 December 2013 Last updated at 09:33 ET Defamation Act 2013 aims to improve libel laws Campaigners have welcomed the changes Continue reading the main story Related Stories Authors make libel reform plea Science journal wins libel case Law on defamation to be reformed New libel laws aimed at giving better protection to people expressing their opinions are to come into force in England and Wales. Claimants will have to show they have suffered "serious harm" before suing, under the Defamation Act 2013. The changes - coming in on 1 January - will also address "libel tourism". The government said the law would reverse the "chilling effect" current libel laws have had on freedom of expression and legitimate debate. Journalists, scientists and academics have faced unfair legal threats for fairly criticising a company, person or product in the past, the Ministry of Justice said. It said the Act would provide "clearer, better protection for people publicly expressing opinions", while campaigners said it was "good news for free speech" but urged Northern Ireland to follow suit. 'Hard-fought battle' The Defamation Act 2013 contains a series of measures , including: "New serious harm threshold" aimed at helping people to understand when claims should be brought and discourage wasteful use of court time Protection for scientists and academics publishing peer-reviewed material in scientific and academic journals Protection for those publishing material on a matter of public interest where they reasonably believe that it is in the public interest Libel tourism targeted by tightening the test for claims involving those with little connection to England and Wales being brought before the courts Introduction of a new process aimed at helping potential victims of defamation online, by resolving the dispute directly with the person who has posted the statement Single-publication rule to prevent repeated claims against a publisher about the same material Justice minister Shailesh Vara said: "As a result of these new laws, anyone expressing views and engaging in public debate can do so in the knowledge that the law offers them stronger protection against unjust and unfair threats of legal action. Continue reading the main story Analysis Clive Coleman Legal correspondent, BBC News So, will the new Act bring significant change? In many respects it is an exercise in codifying, simplifying and giving statutory force to existing law. For instance, courts had already started to dismiss "libel tourism" cases and jury trials had all but vanished in defamation cases. The power to achieve these things are now put into the Act. However, the Act will affect the balance between free speech and the right to protect reputation. For instance, it will be more difficult for companies to sue for libel as they now have to show they have suffered or are likely to suffer serious harm because of a defamatory statement, and they will only be able to do that if they can show they have suffered or are likely to suffer serious financial harm. That makes it tougher for them to go after journalists or scientists who write about their products and services. There is also more protection from libel for those running websites if they can show they are not the authors of defamatory posts and assist in identifying those who are. "These laws coming into force represent the end of a long and hard-fought battle to ensure a fair balance is struck between the right to freedom of expression and people's ability to protect their reputation." The Libel Reform Campaign, which is made up of Index on Censorship, English PEN and Sense About Science, has been demanding new legislation since 2009. Mike Harris, of the campaign, said it was "good news for free speech". "The Defamation Act was intended by politicians to end the chill from the archaic libel laws of England and Wales," he said. "It's taken four years, support from 60,000 people and a cross-party consensus to get to where we are today. "We hope the judiciary will take note, and that in the future open debate on matters in the public interest will not be chilled by litigious oligarchs or corporations." Tracey Brown, director of Sense About Science, said the Act was a "major step". But she added: "A lot will depend on how the courts apply the new law. We will keep it under review to see that the law does give scientists the increased confidence to publish that it promises." 'Fit for 21st Century' The new Act applies only to England and Wales - Scotland has its own law and Justice Minister Kenny MacAskill has said he believes it is "robust enough for present purposes". The Stormont executive is currently considering whether to bring its libel laws inline with Westminster. Jo Glanville, director of English PEN, said England and Wales now had laws "fit for the 21st Century but the battle's not over yet". "It's essential that Northern Ireland now adopts the act. Otherwise the new law could be fatally undermined and cases could be heard in Belfast under the old legislation," she said. The main political parties committed themselves to reviewing libel law in England and Wales in their manifestos at the last general election. A draft bill was published in 2011, with the Defamation Bill outlined in the Queen's speech in May last year. The Defamation Act 2013 received Royal Assent on 25 April. Authors make libel reform plea 07 MARCH 2013 , ENTERTAINMENT & ARTS Science journal wins libel case 06 JULY 2012 , SCIENCE & ENVIRONMENT Law on defamation to be reformed 09 MAY 2012 , UK New defamation law will make it HARDER to sue for libel by requiring proof of 'serious harm' Defamation Act aims to end libel tourism Libel: new Defamation Act will reverse 'chilling effect', ministers claim * May require registration or subscription The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Haass proposal document published The final draft of the proposal document given to Northern Ireland's political parties by Richard Haass has been published. New Year's Day flood warnings for UK Comedian John Fortune dies aged 74 S Sudan rivals to open peace talks Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 Reporters face 15 days in Egypt jail Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' Can literary intrigue survive in a digital age? Kings of speed How illegal whiskey sparked US love affair with fast cars Figure it out The numbers that shaped the year No laughing matter Why a boycotted comic retains wide appeal in France 1: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 2: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 4: Island at the end of the earth 5: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 1: Romney's black grandson mocked on TV 2: Hackers hit League of Legends game 3: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 5: Dieudonne and his bizarre journey 6: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 7: Beyonce defends Challenger audio use 8: Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' 9: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 10: Yutu rover pictured from orbit 1: Explosions as US oil train derails Watch 2: Doctors happy Schumacher 'stable' Watch 3: Fireworks mark new year around world Watch 4: Antarctic scientists keep spirits up Watch 5: US gripped by freezing temperatures Watch 6: Death of literary mystery in digital age Watch 7: 'Good fun' on stranded Russian ship Watch 8: One-minute World News Watch 9: S Sudan rebel youths 'in war march' Watch 10: Doubts over new Taiwan military force Watch People of the year From astronauts to pioneers, BBC Future salutes the year’s leading scientific figures The cat's ears that respond to your thoughts - one of the unusual gadgets of 2013 You're using the Internet Explorer 6 browser to view the BBC website. Our site will work much better if you change to a more modern browser. It's free, quick and easy. Find out more about upgrading your browser here… BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. Clegg delivers pro-EU 2014 message Nick Clegg uses his new year's message to tell voters the Liberal Democrats are "Britain's party of in" when it comes to the European Union. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-25555430#sa-ns_mchannel=rss&ns_source=PublicRSS20-sa BBC News - Nick Clegg delivers pro-EU message for 2014 showAdAboveBlq: true showAdAboveBlq: true blqLeaderboardAd: true --> 30 December 2013 Last updated at 22:53 ET Nick Clegg delivers pro-EU message for 2014 Media requires JavaScript to play. Nick Clegg's message, as released by the Lib Dems, accused other parties of pursuing "narrow political interest" Continue reading the main story Related Stories Miliband makes cost of living vow EU exit would be suicide, says Clegg Clegg: Tories moving EU goalposts Nick Clegg has used his new year's message to tell voters the Liberal Democrats are "Britain's party of in" when it comes to the European Union. The Lib Dem leader said other parties would put "narrow political interest" ahead of the UK economy. Mr Clegg said UKIP "want out" of the EU, the Conservatives were "flirting with exit" and Labour "don't have the courage of their convictions on this". He said the EU was not "perfect" but it "means jobs, trade and prosperity". Prime Minister David Cameron has promised a referendum on Britain's membership of the EU by 2017 - but Mr Clegg urged voters to send a message by backing the Liberal Democrat's in May's EU elections. "Don't wait for a referendum," he said. "Don't wait for the general election. Make your voice heard now. "Once Britain finds itself with one foot out the door, we won't just be able to turn back. So don't take that risk." Mr Clegg pointed to a Confederation of British Industry report published last month that suggested UK households were almost £3,000 a year better off thanks to Britain's EU membership. 'Not in love' The deputy prime minister said voters should not "let anyone jeopardise our recovery", and he criticised the Conservatives, Labour and UKIP. "All three would put narrow political interests ahead of the national economic interest," he said. "So, in a few months, I'm going to ask you to make a different choice. "The Liberal Democrats are Britain's party of in. Not because we're in love with the EU, or we think it's perfect, but because being in Europe means jobs, trade and prosperity". Speaking about the coming year, Mr Clegg mocked the "exciting breathless predictions" made by other party leaders in the past. "After a long period of drama and upheaval in the economy, how about a year of stability rather than surprises?" he said. "How about we make 2014 about one thing and one thing only: locking in our recovery." Miliband makes cost of living vow 30 DECEMBER 2013 , UK POLITICS EU exit would be suicide, says Clegg 08 OCTOBER 2013 , UK POLITICS Clegg: Tories moving EU goalposts 15 MAY 2013 , UK POLITICS Clegg hails PM's 'skill' in EU talks 14 MARCH 2013 , UK POLITICS Labour seeks talks on TV election debates The three main parties suffered in the polls this year. Only UKIP truly did well Five political predictions for 2014 Clegg and Alexander warn voting Ukip will derail economic recovery Alex Salmond delivers 2014 New Year message More UK Politics stories RSS Haass proposal document published The final draft of the proposal document given to Northern Ireland's political parties by Richard Haass has been published. Romania dismisses UK 'invasion' talk UKIP hails rising membership numbers Comedian John Fortune dies aged 74 Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 S Sudan rivals to open peace talks Final farewell Notable UK deaths from the past 12 months Famous faces Ten of the big names on New Year's Honours list 'Morale is high' BBC reports from on board stricken Antarctic ship Weird wildlife quiz 2013 How much attention did you pay to nature in 2013? BBC Nature 1: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 2: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 4: Island at the end of the earth 5: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 1: Romney's black grandson mocked on TV 2: Hackers hit League of Legends game 3: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 5: Dieudonne and his bizarre journey 6: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 7: Beyonce defends Challenger audio use 8: Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' 9: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 10: Yutu rover pictured from orbit 1: Explosions as US oil train derails Watch 2: Doctors happy Schumacher 'stable' Watch 3: Fireworks mark new year around world Watch 4: Antarctic scientists keep spirits up Watch 5: US gripped by freezing temperatures Watch 6: Death of literary mystery in digital age Watch 7: 'Good fun' on stranded Russian ship Watch 8: One-minute World News Watch 9: S Sudan rebel youths 'in war march' Watch 10: Doubts over new Taiwan military force Watch People of the year From astronauts to pioneers, BBC Future salutes the year’s leading scientific figures The cat's ears that respond to your thoughts - one of the unusual gadgets of 2013 You're using the Internet Explorer 6 browser to view the BBC website. Our site will work much better if you change to a more modern browser. It's free, quick and easy. Find out more about upgrading your browser here… BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. Knighthoods for three senior MPs Three senior backbenchers, Peter Luff, Richard Ottaway and Kevin Barron, have been given knighthoods in the New Years Honours list. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-25549714#sa-ns_mchannel=rss&ns_source=PublicRSS20-sa BBC News - New Year's Honours: Knighthoods for three senior MPs showAdAboveBlq: true showAdAboveBlq: true blqLeaderboardAd: true --> 30 December 2013 Last updated at 18:11 ET New Year's Honours: Knighthoods for three senior MPs Nominations for honours are received by the Cabinet Office from the public and from government departments Three senior backbenchers, Peter Luff, Richard Ottaway and Kevin Barron, have been given knighthoods in the New Years Honours list. Mr Luff, defence minister between 2010 and 2012 and Mr Ottaway, Tory chair of the Commons Foreign Affairs Committee, are standing down at the next election. Mr Barron, a Labour MP since 1983, is chair of the powerful Commons standards and privileges committee. Two of Margaret Thatcher's long-serving aides have also been knighted. Mark Worthington, who was Baroness Thatcher's private secretary, has been made a Knight Bachelor, as has been the former director to her private office Julian Seymour. Both received the knighthoods for public service in recognition of their support to Lady Thatcher, following her departure from Downing Street in 1990. The former prime minister died in April. Elsewhere, Rosemary Butler - presiding officer of the National Assembly for Wales - becomes a dame while ex-Lib Dem MEP Robert Brown, previously a deputy minister for education in Scotland, receives a CBE for political service. Karren Brady - the vice-chair of West Ham football club who has been touted as a potential future Conservative candidate for mayor of London - is created a CBE for services to entrepreneurship and women in business. More UK Politics stories RSS Haass proposal document published The final draft of the proposal document given to Northern Ireland's political parties by Richard Haass has been published. Romania dismisses UK 'invasion' talk UKIP hails rising membership numbers Comedian John Fortune dies aged 74 Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 S Sudan rivals to open peace talks Final farewell Notable UK deaths from the past 12 months Famous faces Ten of the big names on New Year's Honours list 'Morale is high' BBC reports from on board stricken Antarctic ship Weird wildlife quiz 2013 How much attention did you pay to nature in 2013? BBC Nature 1: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 2: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 4: Island at the end of the earth 5: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 1: Romney's black grandson mocked on TV 2: Hackers hit League of Legends game 3: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 5: Dieudonne and his bizarre journey 6: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 7: Beyonce defends Challenger audio use 8: Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' 9: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 10: Yutu rover pictured from orbit 1: Explosions as US oil train derails Watch 2: Doctors happy Schumacher 'stable' Watch 3: Fireworks mark new year around world Watch 4: Antarctic scientists keep spirits up Watch 5: US gripped by freezing temperatures Watch 6: Death of literary mystery in digital age Watch 7: 'Good fun' on stranded Russian ship Watch 8: One-minute World News Watch 9: S Sudan rebel youths 'in war march' Watch 10: Doubts over new Taiwan military force Watch People of the year From astronauts to pioneers, BBC Future salutes the year’s leading scientific figures The cat's ears that respond to your thoughts - one of the unusual gadgets of 2013 You're using the Internet Explorer 6 browser to view the BBC website. Our site will work much better if you change to a more modern browser. It's free, quick and easy. Find out more about upgrading your browser here… BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. Minister urges Syria refugee rethink Tory health minister Lord Howe joins calls for the UK to consider taking refugees fleeing the civil war in Syria. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-25547380#sa-ns_mchannel=rss&ns_source=PublicRSS20-sa BBC News - Tory peer Lord Howe calls for Syrian refugee rethink showAdAboveBlq: true showAdAboveBlq: true blqLeaderboardAd: true --> 30 December 2013 Last updated at 10:58 ET Tory peer Lord Howe calls for Syrian refugee rethink Lord Howe says the UK has a history of looking kindly on people in distress Continue reading the main story Rethinking a future with Assad? A government minister has joined calls for the UK to consider taking refugees fleeing the civil war in Syria. The government has no plans to accept Syrian refugees and says it is better to offer financial help. But Tory health minister Lord Howe said people were in desperate need and the EU should look at accommodating some. Conservative chairman Grant Shapps said Britain was making a large financial contribution to helping Syrian refugees and could "hold its head up high". Lord Howe told BBC Radio's 5 live Breakfast: "I think we have got to look at this urgently. There are people in desperate need, we cannot accommodate them all. "I think the European Union has a duty to look at what it can do, both on the ground for those refugees from Syria but also whether we can accommodate some of them. "I certainly think we should look at this and we have in the past been a country that looks kindly on people in distress and are the victims of violence in their native countries and that should not change." Amnesty International has accused EU leaders of failing to provide a safe haven for Syrians UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage and former Liberal Democrat leader Sir Menzies Campbell have made similar calls in recent days. On Sunday, Mr Farage suggested Western countries should agree to take an allocation of refugees but did not specify numbers. He has led opposition to allowing open immigration from Romania and Bulgaria in the new year but said refugees were a "very different thing". Last week, Sir Menzies said it would be "entirely reasonable for the UK to take its share of responsibility for refugees". Conservative MP Mark Pritchard said he expected the government would change its mind - either "willingly or unwillingly". Lord Howe became a health minister in 2011 In a report released earlier this month, Amnesty International accused European Union leaders of "miserably failing" to provide a safe haven to Syrians. Ten member states have offered to take in refugees, but only 12,000 of them, it said. Mr Shapps said the government was not going to change its policy on accepting Syrian refugees. "Britain's contribution to the humanitarian crisis [of £500m] is equal to all other 27 EU countries combined," he told BBC's World at One programme. He said the UK was putting in a "massive amount of effort" and suggested taking in 500 or 1,000 refugees would not solve the problem. "This is a humanitarian crisis that involves millions of people. This country can hold its head up high," he added. Earlier, the UK government said more than 1,100 Syrian nationals had been granted asylum in the year up to September and asylum claims would be considered "on their merits and in line with the immigration rules". War and peace As Geneva peace talks loom, the two sides fighting in Syria are vying for maximum gains on the ground, reports the BBC's Jim Muir. Rethinking a future with Assad? Two-minute guide to the Syrian war How the conflict in Syria became the bloodiest chapter of the Arab Spring Who is fighting whom in Syria? Watch 'Interference slowing Syria peace' Watch BBC crew returns to Syria attack city Watch Assad opponents Guide to the fighters and political groups ranged against the Syrian government Let Syrian refugees into UK - Farage 29 DECEMBER 2013 , UK POLITICS Party leaders unite for Syria appeal 28 DECEMBER 2013 , UK POLITICS UN launches record Syria aid appeal 16 DECEMBER 2013 , MIDDLE EAST EU failing Syria refugees - Amnesty 12 DECEMBER 2013 , MIDDLE EAST Haass proposal document published The final draft of the proposal document given to Northern Ireland's political parties by Richard Haass has been published. New Year's Day flood warnings for UK Comedian John Fortune dies aged 74 S Sudan rivals to open peace talks Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 Reporters face 15 days in Egypt jail Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' Can literary intrigue survive in a digital age? Kings of speed How illegal whiskey sparked US love affair with fast cars Figure it out The numbers that shaped the year No laughing matter Why a boycotted comic retains wide appeal in France 1: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 2: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 4: Island at the end of the earth 5: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 1: Romney's black grandson mocked on TV 2: Hackers hit League of Legends game 3: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 5: Dieudonne and his bizarre journey 6: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 7: Beyonce defends Challenger audio use 8: Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' 9: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 10: Yutu rover pictured from orbit 1: Explosions as US oil train derails Watch 2: Doctors happy Schumacher 'stable' Watch 3: Fireworks mark new year around world Watch 4: Antarctic scientists keep spirits up Watch 5: US gripped by freezing temperatures Watch 6: Death of literary mystery in digital age Watch 7: 'Good fun' on stranded Russian ship Watch 8: One-minute World News Watch 9: S Sudan rebel youths 'in war march' Watch 10: Doubts over new Taiwan military force Watch People of the year From astronauts to pioneers, BBC Future salutes the year’s leading scientific figures The cat's ears that respond to your thoughts - one of the unusual gadgets of 2013 You're using the Internet Explorer 6 browser to view the BBC website. Our site will work much better if you change to a more modern browser. It's free, quick and easy. Find out more about upgrading your browser here… BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. Miliband makes cost of living vow Labour has a "credible" plan to help families with the cost of living and will continue to focus on the issue, Ed Miliband insists in his New Year message. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-25549708#sa-ns_mchannel=rss&ns_source=PublicRSS20-sa BBC News - Ed Miliband in new year cost of living pledge showAdAboveBlq: true showAdAboveBlq: true blqLeaderboardAd: true --> 30 December 2013 Last updated at 07:05 ET Ed Miliband in new year cost of living pledge Media requires JavaScript to play. In his New Year message, released by the Labour party, Ed Miliband speaks of a "cost of living crisis" Continue reading the main story Related Stories UK GDP growing faster than forecast Balls hits back after 'turkey' taunt Labour has a "credible and affordable" plan to help families struggling with the cost of living, Ed Miliband has insisted in his new year message. The opposition leader said the issue of living standards would again be his focus in 2014, accusing ministers of wanting to "change the conversation". While not "promising the Earth", he said Labour pledges on energy bills and childcare would help family budgets. The government said Labour's economic predictions had been proved wrong. Chancellor George Osborne has said signs of a strengthening economic recovery - with growth forecasts for 2013 and 2014 revised sharply upwards and unemployment steadily falling - show his plan is working. But Labour says the UK is still in middle of the "biggest cost-of-living crisis in a generation" and, with prices rising faster than wages for most people, the majority continue to feel worse off. Continue reading the main story “ Start Quote The Tories want to change the conversation from the cost of living crisis.” End Quote Ed Miliband Labour leader "People are thinking they have made the sacrifices and the government keeps telling them that everything is fixed," Mr Miliband said in his traditional end-of-year message to activists. "But it does not seem fixed to them." Mr Miliband signalled he wanted the squeeze on living standards to remain the major political backdrop in 2014. "The Tories want to change the conversation from the cost of living crisis. They will talk about anything else. Inherent in their vision is not a solution to the crisis but the problem. 'More free childcare' "I have a much more optimistic vision about what the country can achieve." While he was not promising people "easy answers", Mr Miliband said Labour's plan to freeze energy bills for 20 months from June 2015, expand free childcare and crack down on payday lenders would "tip the balance towards hope" for many families struggling in the current climate. "People do not want the Earth. They would prefer some very specific promises, specific things about what a government will do," he added. "All of this is adding up to a programme for how we can change things. It is clearly costed, credible and real." The government has said Labour is in denial about the size of the deficit that it left in 2010 and that its plans would result in more borrowing and rising debt. In response, the opposition says borrowing has risen far more since 2010 than Mr Osborne had planned. UK GDP growing faster than forecast 20 DECEMBER 2013 , BUSINESS Balls hits back after 'turkey' taunt 18 DECEMBER 2013 , UK POLITICS 06 DECEMBER 2013 , UK POLITICS The plan is working, says Osborne 05 DECEMBER 2013 , UK POLITICS More UK Politics stories RSS Haass proposal document published The final draft of the proposal document given to Northern Ireland's political parties by Richard Haass has been published. Romania dismisses UK 'invasion' talk UKIP hails rising membership numbers Comedian John Fortune dies aged 74 Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 S Sudan rivals to open peace talks Final farewell Notable UK deaths from the past 12 months Famous faces Ten of the big names on New Year's Honours list 'Morale is high' BBC reports from on board stricken Antarctic ship Weird wildlife quiz 2013 How much attention did you pay to nature in 2013? BBC Nature 1: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 2: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 4: Island at the end of the earth 5: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 1: Romney's black grandson mocked on TV 2: Hackers hit League of Legends game 3: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 5: Dieudonne and his bizarre journey 6: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 7: Beyonce defends Challenger audio use 8: Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' 9: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 10: Yutu rover pictured from orbit 1: Explosions as US oil train derails Watch 2: Doctors happy Schumacher 'stable' Watch 3: Fireworks mark new year around world Watch 4: Antarctic scientists keep spirits up Watch 5: US gripped by freezing temperatures Watch 6: Death of literary mystery in digital age Watch 7: 'Good fun' on stranded Russian ship Watch 8: One-minute World News Watch 9: S Sudan rebel youths 'in war march' Watch 10: Doubts over new Taiwan military force Watch People of the year From astronauts to pioneers, BBC Future salutes the year’s leading scientific figures The cat's ears that respond to your thoughts - one of the unusual gadgets of 2013 You're using the Internet Explorer 6 browser to view the BBC website. Our site will work much better if you change to a more modern browser. It's free, quick and easy. Find out more about upgrading your browser here… BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. CBI: Firms must pay workers more The head of the CBI, John Cridland, says too many people are "stuck" in minimum wage jobs despite an improvement in the UK economy. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-25547574#sa-ns_mchannel=rss&ns_source=PublicRSS20-sa BBC News - CBI: Firms must pay workers more as economy improves showAdAboveBlq: true showAdAboveBlq: true blqLeaderboardAd: true --> 30 December 2013 Last updated at 05:56 ET CBI: Firms must pay workers more as economy improves CBI boss John Cridland says the UK's economic recovery is not reflected in how much people are paid Continue reading the main story The head of the UK's main business lobby group has said too many people are "stuck" in minimum wage jobs, despite an upturn in the UK economy. John Cridland, director general of the CBI, said businesses should deliver "better pay and more opportunities" for their employees. He told the BBC: "If we get productivity going, we are creating more wealth, and we can share it." Recovery should be sustainable before wages increased, he said. Mr Cridland said: "It's nice for once to have a somewhat more upbeat message. The message is, if the economy is growing, we can have everybody swim upwards." Media requires JavaScript to play. But he said lacking productivity was a "bit of a worry" in the UK economy and that it was important that skill shortages did not undermine recovery. In his annual new year's message, Mr Cridland said despite economic growth, there were "still far too many people stuck in minimum wage jobs without routes to progression, and that's a serious challenge that businesses and the government must address." Rebuilding trust Mr Cridland said businesses must support employees in "every part of the country" to progress in their careers and help young people get their first jobs. He called for a vocational system, similar to Ucas, to help raise awareness about other routes to higher skills. Media requires JavaScript to play. Mr Cridland said: "If 2013 was the year that business trust took a hammering on a range of issues from corporate taxation to energy prices, then 2014 must be the year that business leaders take action to rebuild that trust." His comments came as the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD) warned 2014 had to be a "year of productivity" if earnings were to rise sustainably. Mark Beatson, chief economist at the CIPD, said: "Employment growth looks set to continue at an impressive rate over the year to come. However, the downside is that UK productivity has yet to improve and remains below its pre-recession level." He said the low productivity was behind falling real wages and the high cost of living in the UK. Mr Beatson said: "Central to this [lacking productivity] is business and government acting together to improve the way people are managed, with more emphasis on working smarter and creating value. " He said the "crisis of trust" in many organisations had to be tackled to boost productivity, alongside making more use of the "skills and talents of our workforce". Is inflation making you poorer? Four steps to getting a job How to write a successful CV Where to find help for financial problems How the Bank's policy affects you The Bank of England will not consider raising interest rates until the unemployment rate has fallen to below 7%, so how might that affect you? Flanders: The Bank's new guidance Rates linked to jobless target Tesco's India plans given go-ahead The Indian government approves plans by the British retail giant Tesco for expansion into India, in partnership with the Tata Group. Bombardier sells 10 jets for $259m China local debt surges by 70% S Sudan rivals to open peace talks Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 Reporters face 15 days in Egypt jail Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' Kings of speed How illegal whiskey sparked US love affair with fast cars Can literary intrigue survive in a digital age? Figure it out The numbers that shaped the year No laughing matter Why a boycotted comic retains wide appeal in France 1: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 2: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 4: Island at the end of the earth 5: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 1: Romney's black grandson mocked on TV 2: Hackers hit League of Legends game 3: Giant rubber duck bursts in Taiwan 5: Dieudonne and his bizarre journey 6: Children 'beheaded' in CAR conflict 7: Beyonce defends Challenger audio use 8: Putin vows to 'destroy terrorists' 9: Crowds and fireworks welcome 2014 10: Yutu rover pictured from orbit 1: Explosions as US oil train derails Watch 2: Doctors happy Schumacher 'stable' Watch 3: Fireworks mark new year around world Watch 4: Antarctic scientists keep spirits up Watch 5: US gripped by freezing temperatures Watch 6: Death of literary mystery in digital age Watch 7: 'Good fun' on stranded Russian ship Watch 8: One-minute World News Watch 9: S Sudan rebel youths 'in war march' Watch 10: Doubts over new Taiwan military force Watch Five must-have management skills These five skills will help anyone master leading others Take scissors to the plastic It is possible to live without credit cards. Here’s how One foot out the door The ethics of managing an employee who has checked-out at work The cat's ears that respond to your thoughts - one of the unusual gadgets of 2013 You're using the Internet Explorer 6 browser to view the BBC website. Our site will work much better if you change to a more modern browser. It's free, quick and easy. Find out more about upgrading your browser here… BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience.